RESUME
jay Chatterjee
22/B, Sarsuna Main Road, Chatterjee Para, Near Behala, P. S. Sarsuna, Kolkata — 700 061.
Mobile : 98305 36512 / 99030 80725
E Mail ID: schatterjee11@ yahoo.co.in / sanjaychatterjee508@ gmail.com

JOB OBJECTIVES:

@ GST: Awareness relating to the CGST, SGST & IGST law and related implications. Should be able to
contribute significantly during daily routine work of GST.

¢ B.Com with LLB having 16 years+ experience in the field of Indirect Taxation (GST, VAT / CST / Sales
Tax) seeking an assignment in Commercial / Indirect Taxation field with an organization of repute preferably
in Eastern India.

 

PROFILE SUMMARY:

 

 

¢ Managerial responsibility for getting work done through team members and tax consultants.
¢  Self-driven with a willingness to challenge status quo.
¢ To be able to effectively communicate and co-ordinate with internal and external stakeholders.

 

| EMPLOYMENT DETAILS:

 

 

Present Status

POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED (Formerly Known as Magma Fincorp Limited
Job Title Deputy Manager — Indirect Taxation (GST, VAT / CST / Sales Tax)
Period : 4 June, 2013 to as on date.
Brief of Work Looks after for the following functions of a business vertical of the organization
for 17 states.

J ob Description / Principal Responsibilities

Migration work from VAT regime to GST era.

Monthly calculation and checking with summery of GST working before sending for approval for funds for
making payment of GST on monthly basis with proper reconciliation with books of accounts.

Responsible for GST / VAT accounting and ledger reconciliation.

Filing of E-Retums under GST (GSTR 1, GSTR 3B, GSTR 9, GSTR 9C), VAT, CST, Entry Tax, Profession
Tax & WCT with all annexure within due dates through consultants.

E Invoicing under GST by taking help of the consultant.

GST Online Way Bills / Road permit.

Support to get release of the shipment seized.

Checking admission ability of Input Tax Credit and Recon with GSTR 2A/B.

Quarterly / Monthly Input Tax Credit Verification with original tax invoices.

Preparing MIS on monthly basis on the matter of Central Declaration Forms & Road Permit / Way Bill and
other various MIS as and when required by the Management.

Various amendments under the GST, VAT, CST Acts.

Disposal of Scrap in co-ordination with Admin team.

Month closing activities.

Pending VAT and CST assessments and Sales Tax Declaration Forms collection under the CST Act [i.e. Form
F,H,C,1, EI, EI], 12A]

Liaison with state / central tax officers for ensuring the completion of pending VAT / GST Assessment, appeal
within due dates by providing data to the consultants.

Review of the reply to the show cause notices and various others notices prepared by the consultant to resolve
the queries of the tax department.

Review and finalize the various replies under GST & VAT acts prepared by the consultants before sending for
approval for onwards submission.

Handling quarries of various audit team — Statutory, Internal, IFC & Anti profiteering.

Looking after different litigation with respect to blocked credit, Tran 1 Credit under GST Acct.

Take up with GST & VAT Department for refund processing.

Adherence to operational guidelines laid down in tax manuals and interface with various functions for
documents and information.

 


--- Page Break ---

¢ Create awareness among other functional team members for tax compliance risks and its critical components
by circulating emails in forms of internal circular.

¢ Monitor and review existing tax compliance process, identify gaps and intimate to team leader to take up with
higher management for corrective actions.

¢ Maintaining appropriate records suitable for research and internal or external audit in accordance with defined
requirement.

1) Refund of 3.45 Crores from Maharashtra VAT Dept.
2) Drop penalty of Rs. 24 Lakhs by filing revision before the Rajasthan High Court.
3) Refund of 72 Lakhs from Delhi VAT Dept.
4) Resolving Input tax credit mismatch in the State of Delhi, Rajasthan,
Karnataka and West Bengal.
5) Drop the notice of disallowance of Transition credit of 1.83 crores by filing Wnt
before the Telangana High Court.

Achievements

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE:

MACMET INDIA LIMITED

MACMET is one of India’s fastest growing material Handling Equipment companies. They are the manufacturer of
Conveyor Belt, Pipe Conveyor, Water Screening System and Coal handling Plant across the country through 2 state-of-
the-art manufacturing Plants.

Job Title ; Assistant Manager — Accounts (Sales Tax)

Period :  10"June, 2012 to 3" June, 2013

Brief of Work ; Act as one face of the organization in terms of Commercial & Indirect tax matter
i.e. Invoicing, Sale entry in the accounting software, Sales Tax / VAT, CST, Entry
tax, WCT & Profession Tax matters of 2 states.

EVEREST INDUSTRIES LIMITED (Calcutta Works)

EVEREST is one of India’s fastest growing building solutions companies. Today, they provide building products
across 600 cities through 5 state-of-the-art manufacturing plant and 31 sales depots. There range of ready to use

products provides solutions for building needs in roofing, ceilings, walls, floors, Cladding and doors.

Job Title ; Senior Officer — Commercial (East Zone)

Period :  5June, 2011 to 9 June, 2012

Brief of Work ; Act as one face of the organization in terms of Commercial & indirect taxation
matters for the following functions of the organization.

J ob Description / Principal Responsibilities

¢ Monthly calculation and checking with summery of VAT / CST / Entry Tax / WCT working before sending
for approval for funds for making payment of VAT / CST / Entry Tax / WCT on monthly basis with proper
reconciliation with books of accounts.
Responsible for Income and VAT accounting and ledger reconciliation.
Depo / Site Expense and claims checking and visit Depo / Site time to time for stock taking purpose.
Comparative analysis of sales growth of all the depots of East Zones over last year and expenses incurred in
comparison to last year by the depots of East Zone.
Checking & coordinating with different Warehouses / Depots for local Tax Related matters (i.e. Shop &
Establishment, Trade Licence, P Tax etc.)
Issuing STDS / TDS/ TCS Certificates to the Contractors.
Various MIS as per management requirement (e.g. to analyze travel data, collection data etc.)
Preparing monthly budget vs. actual of all depots of Eastern Zone.
Monthly expenses provision analysis.
Assigning credit limit to new customers upon detailed due diligence and risk involved while adhering to credit
risk management policy and periodic credit limit revision for customers upon business prospects.

CORPORATE POWER LIMITED (ABHIJ EET GROUP COMPANY)
Job Title ; Senior Executive — Indirect Tax
Period : 5" of May, 2010 to 4" June, 2011
Brief of Work ; Worked as one responsible person of the organization in the matter of Sales Tax,
Service tax & Profession tax.

 


--- Page Break ---

R. DAS & ASSOCIATES (A Chartered Accountants Firm)

Job Title ; Executive — Sales Tax/VAT
Period 1° Nov, 2002 to 3% May, 2010

Following C lientele attended when I was attached with R. Das & Associates:

Citizen Watches India Pvt. Ltd.

TATA International Ltd.

TATA Metaliks Ltd.

TATA Steel Processing & Distribution Company Ltd.
The TATA Power Co. Ltd

TATA Tea Ltd

DLF Laing O’Rourke India Ltd

PI Industries Ltd.

Brief of Work Day to day work with Sales Tax Dept on behalf of the above mentioned clients of
the firm up to the Assessment, Appeal & Revision stage with senior advocates.

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:

¢ Ilhavean operational knowledge of the following packages in Computer.
> Operating System: Windows 97, Windows XP/Vista, Windows 10.
> Application Software: Tally — 6.3, Fact — 11.02, Ace — 6.0, Oracle (ERP Software), MS Naviation (ERP

Software), MS Office 2000 (Word & Excel) & Internet.

Practical Training Course on the taxation matter (i.e. Sales Tax/VAT, CST, WCT, Profession Tax, Service
Tax, Invoicing, PF, ESI, SSI & Pollution) from BENGAL TAX COUNSEL.
Short Term Certificate Course on Export Documentation from CAPEXIL (Formerly Chemicals and Allied
Products Export Promotion Council) sponsored by Ministry of Commerce, Govt. of India.

 

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:

 

 

¢ 3 years full time LL.B. Course from Bhadrak Law College under Fakir Mohan University completed in the
year 2011.

 

ACADEMIC DETAILS:

 

 

Graduate in Commerce from the University of Calcutta in the year 1998.

Higher Secondary in commerce from the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education in the year
1996.

Madhyamik from West Bengal Board of Secondary Education in the year 1994.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father’s Name : Shri Chitta Ranjan Chatterjee

Date of Birth : 20" May, 1977

Sex : Male

Marital Status : Married

Other Interest : — I love to listening music very much. I also enjoy gardening.
Present CTC : 7.23 p.a.

Expected CTC : Negotiable

Notice Period : Three Month

Location Preferred : Kolkata / Anywhere in West Bengal.

Reference : (1) CA Rip Das, (2) CA Deepak Jalan, (3) CA Sanjeev Killa

Place: Kolkata

Date: Signature : Sanjay Chatterjee

 
