Resume

Sudhakar Mishra

:C/o. Mr. RB Srivastava, 8 Balram House, Mumfordganj, Prayagraj, UP 211002..
MBNo. 9936353558/760700334
email id: sudhakarmishraalld@gmail.com

Synopsis:

A dynamic professional experience with over more than 15 years of experience in the areas of Strategic
Planning, Collections, Channel and Distribution Management, Client Relationship Management and
Team Management.

Demonstrated abilities in handling all sort of customers to achieve the target.

Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team
management, customer relationship management and planning. Want to excel in the field of banking &
Finance and to carve a niche for myself, while contributing to the maximum growth of the organization,
| am associated with.

Present Occupation:

Working in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (earlier known as Magma Fincorp Ltd), As
“Recovery-State Head 90+ dpd” for East Region, UP. (Products CV, CEQ, Tractor Car and
Used Vehicles) from 14 Aug-2015.

Job Profile &Responsibilities’:

Y Normalization of 90+ dpd cases.

Y Handling all legal recovery activities of Eastern UP and part of Bihar.

Y Handling to Manage Complete Responsibility of collection Portfolio by Recruiting
Man power, & appointing vendors (collection agency & Repossession agency).

Y Repo stock disposal, Gathering Market information on defaulters, Legal

compliance, feedback of entire handling Location for H.O, Meeting with senior’s

for resolution of difficult cases in every month End review meetings.

Having 45 Executives with 6 Asst. Managers recovery team.

Taken Foreign Trip award for Best Recovery.

Visit in field as on requirement, To Follow up Defaulted Customer & convince

them for their loan resolution as on settlement.

v Execution of Warrants/Sec-17, 9 Orders in high odpos cases.

LAN

> Worked with Hinduja Leyland Finance as an Area Manager — Business(All Products)
from 1st Nov’14 to August’15.


--- Page Break ---

> Worked with Bajaj Finance Ltd. Lucknow as an Area Manager-Collection to
handle all Buckets of 3W pool of entire UP with UK from Jun’13 to Oct’14.

> Worked with Magma Fincorp Ltd. Allahabad Branch as an Asst. Manager to
handle WOFF pool from Sep’09 to June’13.

o Continue 4 times winner of Foreign Trip Award for the best recovery in
Write-off pool.

o Handling districts (Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Sultanpur, Faizabad, Gonda,
Gorakhpur, Bahraich, Basti, Ambedkar Nagar, Mirzapur, Sonebhadra) with
12 Collection executives.

o Using legal tools for recovery (Arbitration Act, 138 NI Act, Warrant
execution).

> Worked with Tata Motor Finance, Allahabad- Branch as a Team Leader(Auto

Loan) to handle CRE’s activities and manage to all collection activities( 1-4 Bkt)
April’07 to Aug’09.

> Worked with Tata Motor Finance, Allahabad-Branch as a Executive- Customer
Relation(CRE) to handle collection activities. (Telecalling, Collection 1-3 buckets,
Repossessions and DCR) from March’06 to March’07.

> Worked at Commercial Auto Sales (P) Ltd., 18 Kanpur Road, Allahabad as an
Asst. Collection Supervisor (Hire Purchase), from 16 Dec. 2004 to Feb 2006.

Job Responsibilities: -

> To ensure completion of work timely and honestly.

> Initiating Legal proceedings in different courts, making appearance in courts as AR of the bank
supporting legal collections. Handling legal settlements in pending cases in Mediation Cell as
well as Civil suits for Recovery in courts.

> Monitoring the functioning of assigned processes, identifying improvement areas and
implementing adequate measures to maximize recovery levels.

> Mentoring and Motivating subordinates individually and Strategic planning to enhance
performance standards, customer satisfaction & team development.

> Taking escalations for resolving critical issues; ensuring Market Share, Customer Retention &
Portfolio Quality and Collection/Recoveries.

> Staff appointment, management and evaluation, with the adherence to Standards, Manuals to
facilitate smooth functioning of process, ensuring conformance to Key performance parameters
by the respective employees, dealerships, vendors.


--- Page Break ---

PERSONNEL DETAILS:

Date of Birth
Fathers Name
Sex

Marital Status
Languages
Nationality

P. Add.

Phone

QUALIFICATION:

ACADEMIC:

: 12/12/1978

: Shri N.P. Mishra

: Male

: Married

: ENGLISH, HINDI

: INDIAN

: Vill- Pasiyapur, PO- Soraon, Dist- Prayagraj, U.P.
: 7607000334

> LLB From Allahabad State University Prayagraj

> Graduation from Allahabad University in 2004 (B.A. Economics)

> Intermediate from U.P. Board in 1996

> High School from U.P. Board in 1994

PROFESSIONAL:

> One year DPCS (Data Preparation & Computer Software) by N.CMT. in

1998 in NIPS Computer, Allahabad

Vv V WV

PGDCA from MCRP, Bhopal
‘O’ Level from DOEACC, New Delhi
DCHE (Hardware) Todays Computer, Allahabad

> DCFA (Tally) Passcom Computer, Allahabad

Location Preferred:

e UP

e Bihar

e MP

e Rajasthan

Place: Prayagraj

(Sudhakar Mishra)
