KISHOR KUMAR PAWAR

Address: 10 NEW MALVIYA NAGAR
INDORE MADHYA PRADESH
Email: kishorpawar7751@gmail.com
Mobile: 9977967751

Career Objective

To seek a challenging and growth-oriented career in a dynamic organization, which
believes in individual development. Would like to work in an innovative environment and
contribute to the success of the organization.

Professional Experiences
Current Organization - POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD

Current Designation — Senior Executive — Coordinator-Stock Liquidation
Management (MP & CG)

Location - Indore

Department - Asset Disposal

Period - From 22 July 2021 to till date.

Company - POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD

Job Responsibility: -

e Prepare Auction repo stock data: Vehicle valuation, collect quotation & updation.

e Receiving quotations for sale, preparation of sale approval matrix and getting
approval for the same, Completion of sale process, on receipt of sale proceeds, by
issuing release letter and other documents
Repossession & Stock, Maintaining Excel Repossession Stock register, Issuing
Repossession kit, as advised by State Head (MP&CG) to all authorized
repossession agency.

Carrying out repossession related entries in Oracle & Valuation.

Receiving of Repossession bills and processing the same for payment from HO.
Loss Matrixes, Monthly Sale details, Auction List, Repossession List
Maintenance of Stock MIS and Other tracker.

Visit to the yards for checking the Repossessed vehicles.

Previous Designation — Senior Executive — Recovery MIS & Support Officer
Location - Indore

Department - Recovery
Period - Since 18 May 2010 to 21 July 2021.
Company - MAGMA FINCORP LTD

Job Responsibility: -

Building a fruitful and cherishing relationship with the customers.

Responsibilities for collections and prepared daily collection MIS.

Handling Collection agency & Repossession agency.

Handling billings related issues, inquiries, and reporting to concerned authorities
for resolution.

Timely resolutions for customer’s queries and complaints to achieve customer
satisfaction.

Making out bond calls for collection, cheque bounces etc.

To make recovery of the defaulter’s payment & initiate legal action.

Ensure timely collection and focus on buckets movement.

Page 1 of 3

 


--- Page Break ---

Maintaining collection reports & MIS on daily and monthly basis.

Managing and updating customers’ database.

Prepare Closer & Sale Matrix for repossession vehicle.

NOC Issue to customer and handling NOC related issue.

Handling Asset customer & resolving their issues by providing best possible
solutions with Sales, Collections & Operations.

Issuing Rental Insurance policy cover note.

Undertaking other duties as required by State Head and management.

Handheld device issue to FOS and related all MIS generation, Updation & FOS
Coordination.

Previous Designation —- Team Leader (Back office) & Sales Coordinator

Location - Indore
Department - Fleet Card & Pay Direct Cards (ICICI Bank Ltd)
Duration - 1%*April 2009 to 17 May 2010.

Department Credit Cards & Merchant Acquiring (ICICI Bank Ltd)
Duration 1** Nov 2005 to 31* March 2009.
Company ICICI Bank Ltd

Work Profile

Salary Upload of ICICI Bank Corporate.

MIS Generation as per requirement of SM & ASM.

Sending MIS of whole West Region daily & monthly to Higher Authorities.
Documentation and Renewal of DSA Agreement.

Coordinating with Internal Department.

Corporate Handling: Queries resolution of telephonic calls.

Dealers Handling Outlet of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd.

Handling all the Coordination work between Credit Process Agency & Direct Sales
Team.

Banking Software

I-View Releate to customer’s Loan a/c, Saving a/c and Current a/c
ICICI Prepaid side: Related to customer’s Salary a/c
NACS, FCRM and other banking side.

Previous Designation — Computer Operator

Location - Indore
Duration - 1% July 2004 to 30" Oct 2005.
Company - Sethiya Khandelwal & Co. (C.A)

Page 2 of 3

 


--- Page Break ---

Education
MBA in (Finance), from Institute of Management Studies (University DAVV) Indore
CA PE-II 1* Group Clear

B. Com Gujrati College (DAVV) Indore (59%)

12 (Commerce), M P Board Bhopal ( 61%)

10° M P Board Bhopal (67%)

Training and Certificate

Certificate of Typing Exam (English)
250 Hours Computer Training from ICAI

Personal Particulars

Fathers Name - Mr. Jhanaklal Pawar

Date of Birth- 26" January 1980

Language Known - English & Hindi

Marital Status - Married

Nationality - Indian

Permanent Address - 10 New Malviya Nagar,Indore -452010

Mobile No.- 9977967751

Page 3 of 3

 
