Manager in POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD ( Formerly known as MAGMA FINCORP LTD, )
Experience - 18 years.

ANINDYA SUNDAR CHATTERJEE

E-mail : anindyachatterjee98@gmail.com
Mob : 09007976907

Seeking assignment in SALES DEVELOPMENT, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, NPA
MANAGEMENT BY IMPROVING COLLECTION EFFICIENCY with a growth
oriented and reputed organization

Synopsis

e Over 18 years of experience in Business Development, Sales & Marketing, Channel Management, collection &
Recovery , NPA, Dealer Handling along with all branch delivered activities.
Currently Working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd ( Formerly known as MAGMA Fincorp Ltd ) as Manager .
Worked with Tata Motors Finance Ltd as a Business Development Manager from 2004 to 2009
Worked with Hinduja Leyland Finance Ltd as Location In-Charge from 2009 to 2010
Worked with Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd as a Branch Manager from 2010 to 2015.
Worked with Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd as a Branch Manager from 2015 to 2017.
Proven track record of increasing business growth new system for streamlining Sales & collection.
Instrumental in streamlining workflow and creating a team work environment to enhance profitability for the
organization.
e Possess excellent Communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills with proven ability in team

management and client servicing.

 

Areas of Expertise & Exposure

Team Supervision

e Handling manager appraisals by tracking their performance in different parameters such as quantity and quality
sales.

e Ensuring achievements of primary and secondary targets of the individuals and teams.

e Arranging interviews & providing training to the direct sales & Collection executives.

Business Development / Sales & Marketing / Collection

e Prepare market, sales & relevant business forecasts, budgets & ensuring their compliance.

e Organizing Promotional activities for incorporating HNI (High Net worth Individual) and corporate accounts like
road shows making sub dealers etc.

e Analyzing & identifying areas of improvement for increasing sales & business growth through market analysis.

e Conducting periodic performance reviews & meeting for enhancing profitability of partners and business growth by
achieving set targets.

e Keen to maintain good portfolio health through collection and recovery.

Channel Management

e Interacting and assisting new dealers & distributors for enhancing sales growth , market coverage and promoting
the brand through technical support.

e Monitoring & supporting distributors in secondary sales.

Notable Accomplishments


--- Page Break ---

e Supervising complete branch operations

e Ensures the growth of the business branch and is committed to its success
e Minimizing and Recovery of Bad Debts and Control of NPA

e Strengthening and building Dealer Relationship .

e Increasing Market share

e Credit control

e Ability to present companies products and its services articulately and accurately
e Meet and exceeds sales and productivity target

e Accurately process customers transactions

e Leads renewal of key customer accounts

e Mandatory to maintain company standards and procedures

e Motivating the employees

e Planning the business & monitoring the same

e Ensuring continues adherence of plan & monitoring the same

e Staff management

Organizational Experience

Currently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd ( Formerly Known as MAGMA Fincorp Ltd ) as Manager in
collection in 8 districts ( WB ) . Earlier I was the Senior Branch Manager of Pakur & Sahibganj from March’17 .

2015 to FEB’2017
Worked with Shriram Transport Finance Company Ltd. as Branch Manager.
Handling a team of Sales & Collection of different location of Bankura & Purulia.

2010 to 2015
Worked with Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd. as Branch Manager in places like — Chaibasa ,
Jamshedpur , Ramgarh of Jharkhand and Malda of W.B.

2010 (January)- 2010 (October):
In Hinduja Leyland Finance as Location In Charge of Kharagpur , Haldia , Bankura , Purulia.
Product :CV,CE,LCV,SCV, CAR, REFINANCE

2009 (July)- 2009 (December):

In Birla Sun life Insurance as Location In Charge of Kharagpur , Haldia ,

2004 (July)- 2009 (June):

In Tata Motors Finance as Business Development Manager of Asansole , Durgapur , Burdwan , Kharagpur , Haldia,
Bankura , Purulia,
Product >:CV,CE,LCV,SCV

EDUCATION

M.A. from RDVV Jabalpur, MP 1995

B.A. ( Hons ) from Burdwan University, 1992
Higher Secondary from West Bengal Council, 1989
Secondary from West Bengal Board, 1987

CORE STRENGTHS > Sound communication skills , ability to perform punctually and deliver timely results
independently and with team , ability to correlate things Practically, Theoretically & Technically.


--- Page Break ---

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS

Awarded DHRUBTARA as the BEST BRANCH MANAGER of Jharkhand for the

4th Qtr of 2011-12, 1% Qtr of 2013-14 , 4" Qtr of 2013-14 and in WEST BENGAL for the 4" Qtr of
2014-15 in Mahindra Finance

Achieved a descent PBT growth and closed NPA at a descent figure in 2014-15 FY.

Ranked 3% ( PAN India ) in 2017 — 18 in collection in Hard Bucket in Magma Finance .

INTEREST &ACTIVITIES
Interaction with clients.
Data collection for better planning.
Planning and setting of objectives for achieving new goals.
Managing promotional Activities.
HOBBIES
Healthy Interaction with learned persons.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father's Name: Chandi Charan Chatterjee
Date of birth: 28/06/1972
Permanent Address:
Village: Lurka
Post: Lurka
Dist: Bankura
P.S: Barikul
Pin: 721504
State: West Bengal
Sex: Male
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Married
Language Known: Bengali , Hindi, English,
DECLARATION

All the information’s provided above are true in best of my knowledge.

ANINDYA SUNDAR CHATTERJEE DATE -
