 

 

Vivek Kumar
Phone: 91-9987770375 Email: kumar.vivek398@qmail.com

 

Seeking assignments in Asset based Finance (ABF) Collection/Recovery in
an organization of repute.

PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT

A result oriented professional with experience in the areas of collection in financial
sector, Collection Management, Repossession, Legal and Risk analysis, Quality
Assurance & Client Servicing, Proficient in managing & leading teams for running
successful process operations. Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and
organizational skills with proven abilities in team management, customer relationship

management and planning.

CAREER SUMMARY

 

 

e An astute professional with over 9+years of experience in Sales, Collection,
Customer Service Operations, Strategy Planning as well as Team Supervision.

e Currently working as Team Leader(TL) Collection (0-30 bucket) Asset
based Finance (ABF) with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.(Formerly known as
Magma fincorp Ltd.)

e In-depth understanding of collection from soft and and Hard bucket
customers.

e Successful track record in managing a team of Collection, Repo Agents/
Agency, Legal recovery and handling delinquent customers.

e Good negotiation and execution skills.

e Currently handling Motihari and Bettiah Branch collection with a team of 8
people.

KEY SKILL-SETS

Collection Management: Appointing and managing collection activities by in-house
executives to ensure collection target achievement. Managing and establishing
relationships to different repo agencies collection of every SRCs of my team, as well
contacting high ODPOS/ Vollume customers by personal visits for collection,
delinquent and NPA cases for resolving and make them regular, Analysing Bucket
efficiencies & reducing losses for the company. Monitoring collections to achieve
goals by DRR. Managing the incentive procedure of monthly team payout.

Team Management: Identifying and implementing strategies for building team
effectiveness by promoting a spirit of cooperation between team members, involve in
launching various incentive plans for the Team /channels for raising the productivity.
Determining training needs of employees and conducting suitable training
programmes to enhance their operational efficiency leading to increased productivity.

 


--- Page Break ---

Customer Service: Conceptualizing customer services strategies based on
extensive analysis and their needs of service operation and market dynamics.
Providing quality customer support by ensuring first contact resolution to them.
Formulating various processes related to customer services in initial phase and their
compliance. Taking care for their issues, settlements, foreclosures, NOC etc.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Company profile: Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, known earlier as Magma Fincorp
Limited is a Poonawalla group non-banking finance company that focuses on
consumer

and MSME financing. We offer a diversified product suite to address the growing
financing needs of the retail financing and the enterprises.

We stand for Passion, People, Purpose, Principles and Possibilities. We do what we do
with earnest integrity and passion, ensuring best-in-class service to our customers.
Our people work with a single objective of bringing that smile to your face. Driven by
principles, we believe in having complete transparency in our dealings as we
understand and cherish the trust customers bestow upon us. Through deep
investment

in technology and innovation at the core, we strive to create endless possibilities
each

time and partner in the growth journey of our customers. We believe that good is the
enemy of great. Hence, we strive for business excellence and setting up new
benchmarks.

We enable the dreams of our customers.

March 2017- Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Formerly known as Magma fincorp
Ltd..
March 2017 to till date : Team Leader(TL) in 0-30 bkt ABF collection.

Product: New and Used Commercial Vehicle, Construction equipments,
Tractor And Car portfolio.

Branch Handle: Motihari And Bettiah (Champaran), Bihar
Locations: Motihari, East champaran, Bihar

Key Result Areas:

e Responsible for Collection of the commercial vehicles, construction equipments,
Car/muv and Tractors.

e Monitoring of collection day activities of SRCs.

e Taking care of the Repossession of the NPA and the bad debt accounts with
strong adherence of SOP’s.

e Coordinating with the legal cell for initiating and filling legal proceedings for
collections.

e Identifying & recruiting manpower & imparting training to new team members on
all aspects of Collection including Field collections/ Data analysis /Legal/
Repossessions / MIS maintenance, etc.

e proper pool size maintenance. Avoiding the pool to grow out of proportions with
focus on flows, rollbacks & write backs across buckets.

e Managing the billing procedure of monthly payout & ensuring timely payout to
the Repo Agents/ Agencies.

e To ensure daily review with Team & training of team members of Collections
performance.

e Handling the team of 8 company executives appointed for collections.


--- Page Break ---

e Allocation of proposals to SRCs & to monitor daily collection visits.

e Daily assignment of activities to SRCs for various parameters like FRs,
collections, gurantor visits, assets tracing and many more.

e To visits Dealers, Especially in CV business for payment & tracing of vehicles.
e Todo field visits on High OD & critical customers.
e Followup and supporting SRCs for Penal charges and ODI collection

e To circulate the Repo List of every month to Repo Agency’s & to take follow-up
for Repossession of Vehicle.

e Bucket wise & Segment wise monitoring of Collections to control & reduce to OD.
e Maintaining the targets of the branch given by the management.

e Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd. Bettiah, West Champaran (Bihar)
(From April 2016 to March 2017) as Branch Credit Manager.

e Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd. Ramgarh (Jharkhand) (From July
2015 to March 2016) as Branch Collection Manager.

e Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd. Chembur, Mumbai (Maharashtra)
(From July 2014 to June 2015) as Recovery Head.

e Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd. Alwar (Rajasthan) (From August
2013 to June 2014) as Management trainee (Joined as a fresher)

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS

School / College Board / University Year % /
CGPA

B-Tech. MITS, Rayagada, | BPUT, Raurkela, Odisha
(Mechanical Odisha
Engineering) 6.90

 

Class 12 SANS, COLLEGE BSEB Patna
Motihari

62.8%

Class 10 Gopal Shah __ high BSEB Patna
School, Motihari
64.0%

PERSONAL DETAILS

 

 

Name: Vivek Kumar

Date of Birth: 04% June 1991

Sex: Male

Languages known: English, Hindi, Bhojpuri

Marital status: Married

Address: Henry Bazar, Nakched Tola Road, Ward No-04,Motihari,

East Champaran-845401, Bihar

Place: MOTIHARI
Date: (Vivek Kumar)

 
