CURRICULUM-VITAE

AKARSH NIGAM

SHASTRI-NAGAR

GHATAMPUR- KANPUR- NAGAR
PINCODE- 209206

Contact No- 7380412444, 7007825092
Email ID- akarsh2nigam@gmail.com

Career Objective

To pursue a highly rewarding career, seeking for a job in challenging and healthy work environment where |
can utilize my skills, knowledge efficiently for organizational growth & achieve success with positive attitude by
utilizing the latest technology.

Educational Qualifications
Appearing LLB now 2™ Year.

MBA completed in Banking & Finance ( 2020 )
B.SC From Kanpur University (2015 )

12" from UP Board ( 2012 )
10" from UP Board ( 2010 )
Computer Skill
Y Knowledge of information technology
¥ Advance computer course of one year from Data Expert

Interest

 

Y Listening to music
v Playing Chess
Y Traveling

 

Experience
Y Working in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formally Known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) as an Operation, Account
& Customer Service Officer.
Y Account and Administration responsibility: -
o Responsible to timely payment to venders.
Manage petty cash & Branch expenses.
Create voucher and send to H.O. for clearance as per company policy.
Responsible for daily cash and cheque received at Branch.
Receipting of installments and timely deposition of cash and cheque on daily bases.
© Prepare DCR on daily bases.
Y Operation and customer service responsibility: -
o Working on Oracle for disbursement of New and Used Tractor , CAR , CV & CE.
Now working on Finnone for Used CAR disbursement.
Manage audit query clearance with H.O. team.
Handling PDD collection with help of business team & Updation in system.
Co-Ordinate with business & RCU team for early processing.
Checking credit approval before disbursement as per policy.
Maintain healthy relation among all vertical at branch level.

 


--- Page Break ---

o Co-Ordinate with H.O. for customer related queries and closure of within TAT.
© Responsible for NOC issuance of closed cases.

Strength:
Sincere, hard worker, positive attitude, enthusiastic and quick learner.

Work effectively with diverse groups of people.

Team player with leadership skill and good work ethics.
Flexible & quickly adapt to new working environment.
Self-confidence and Multitasking.

Dexterity to grasp new ideas and relate them to a relevant fie

Personal details

 

Father’s Name : SHRI Kuldeep Kumar Nigam
Date of Birth : 15 August 1996

Marital Status : Single

Gender : Male

Language : English & Hindi (Read & Write)
Nationality : Indian

(AKARSH NIGAM)

 
