Somnath Datta
VILL-Purnaganj,P.O-Majdia,Dist-Nadia
P.S- Krishnaganj, PIN-741507
somnath1408@gmail.com
8334077138 , 7044078026

 

Career Objective

An experienced and well maintained professional having ample amount of knowledge in
banking sector and non banking sector and seeking an opportunity in the organization to use
my skills and be able to contribute to the firm for which | am working. | will put my best effort
to learn the company’s policies and make better decisions in the favor of the company.

Technical skills
Internet Technology - FrontPage, Net Meeting
Packages - MS-Office.

WORK EXPERINCE:-

1.Presently working in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited ( Formally known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.)
— 1st July 2017- till date

Designation : Senior executive Ops. & Accounts Department.
NATURE OF WORK:-

-General A/c related work such as preparation of vouchers, record Keeping and accounting
transactions.

-Client & Vender Interaction & making follow-up for Payments.

-Handling day to day Accounts .

-Petty Cash Management & Cash book Reconciliation.

-Making Reports as per Management Requirement.

-Follow Up with Local Bank for Banking Transaction.

-Works as Bridge with HO and Branch.

-Making Vouchers & Entries in Computer.

-Cash Handling & Preparation of Day Book.

-Coordinated the collection of data from point of origin; participated in the processing of data
to locate missing information and to make corrections as necessary.

-Posted all personal and accounting details of the customers in the system.

-Coordinate with various departments for documentation procedure and control.

-Perform data entry tasks and follow up on documentation matters with various departments.


--- Page Break ---

2.Previously, had worked with Atlas Documentary Facilitators Company Pvt. Ltd. which is
merged with HDB Financial Services Ltd. on and from 1st December, 2016; Affiliate of H.D.F.C.
Bank.

Posted in Retail Asset Operation (Central Processing Unit of H.D.F.C Bank),

Department- Post Disbursal Document (P.D.D) & Priority Sector Landing (P.S.L.)
— February 2012 — February 2017

Designation : As a Processing Officer

KEY DELIVERABLES

Customer focus : | am very proactive in attending requests and quickly achieving customer
satisfaction.

Job knowledge : | demonstrate good job knowledge and skill

Work attitude : | display commitment and sense of urgency toward work and willingness to
learn.

Quality mindset : | am very consistent and accurate and maintain high working standard.
Quantity of work : | am capable of handling high volumes. | am responsible for preparation of
regular daily/weekly/monthly MIS. | also do documentation regarding daily activities relating
to Banking process.

Interpersonal/ Facilitation of team work : | posses good interpersonal skills.

Integrity : | act ethically and honestly line with the Company's Code of Conduct.
Dependability and responsibility : | am very dependable and is capable of handling OPS &
Accounts Department.

Attendance and punctuality : | am very punctual and regular to work.

Communication skills : | posses good communication skills.

Achievements

Awarded for Outstanding Financial Services (Exceptional/Gradation T1) in last four financial
year (2012-2013,2013-2014,2014-2015,2015-2016) at Atlas Documentary Facilitators
Company Pvt. Ltd.

Academic Qualification

Successfully completed Secondary Examination, W.B.B.S.E securing 63.75%.

Successfully completed Higher Secondary Examination, W.B.C.H.S.E Board, securing 60.30%.
Successfully completed Graduation, Calcutta University securing 45.66%.

Hobbies
Sports (Badminton, Football, Cricket)


--- Page Break ---

Personal Details
Name

Father’s name
Gender

Religion
Nationality

Date of birth

Permanent Address

Present Address

Phone / Mobile
Email
Married

Languages known

Declaration

: Somnath Datta

: Late Ashim Kumar Datta
: Male

: Hindu

: Indian

: 14-08-1981

: Vill- Purnagunj, P.O. - Majdia

Dist. — Nadia, Pin-741507

: Vill- Purnagunj, P.O. - Majdia

Dist. — Nadia, Pin-741507

: 8334077138, 7044078026
: somnath1408@gmail.com
: Married

: Hindi, English, Bengali

| hereby declare that all the above information furnished by me is true to the best of my

knowledge.

Signature of the Candidate
