Resume

Sumit Bhardwaj

S/o Shri Manoj Kumar Sharma
Ratan Street,

Chandausi, Sambhal Email:- Lalu6182@gmail.com
U.P. — 202412 Mob. No: +91- 9027206182

Career Objective

To establish myself well in the field of accounting and achieve a constantly growing respectful and
responsible status in the organization.

Educational Qualifications

M.Com. (Appeared) : M.J.P. Rohilkhand University Barielly.

B.Com: With Second Division from M.J.P. Rohilkhand University Barielly, India.

Pre- Graduation

Year of Passing
10+2 Std U.P. Board 2004

 

Additional Qualification

e Diploma in Computer Application, Tally 9.0 from Galaxy Computers
e Typing in English with 35 words per min.
Experience
e 1 year experience in teaching as a Computer Teacher.
e Kotak Mahindra Bank as credit coordinator from 25-Dec-2012 To 31-Mar-2017
e Currenty working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd(Formerly Known As Magma
e Fincorp Limited), As a Branch Operation Manager 03-Apr-2017
Job Responsibilities

e Checking CIBIL/ EQUIFAX/ CRIF / EXPERIAN of the Hirers

e Checking Customer & Vehicle dedupe.

e Documents checking of the hirers vehicle

e CAM (Credit Appraisal Memo) in which cheek the memo approving condition.
e Dealing with Dealer/DSA for clearing document pendency.

e Co-ordinate with credit for post disbursal document clearance.


--- Page Break ---

e Preparing daily MIS for all products.
e Customer details feeding in software.

e Monitoring the infant delinquency, early delinquency cases in coordination with collection
Dept.

e Dealing with high value default customers regarding collections.
e Verification of Pree & Post Disbursement Document of Re-finance Files.
e Accountable For the activities involved for screening to loan disbursal.

e Responsible for overall TAT and MIS regarding Post Disbursal Document.

Computer Skills
Application: Proficient with all MS Office application, Open Office, LOS,
CORE NX 2.4, CORE 2.4, Oracle, CRM, FINONE.

Personal Details

e Father’s Name Shri Manoj Kumar Sharma
e Marital Status Married

e Nationality Indian

e DOB : 19" July 1987

I hereby declare that all the statements made above are true and complete to the best of my
knowledge and belief and nothing has been concealed / distorted.

Sumit Bhardwaj
