Curriculum Vitae
SACHIN SHIVAJI BEDRE

Objective: -

e To establish a career which offers challenges with opportunities and scope for
continual learning and implementation of new ideas.
e Tocontribute my best to the organization & also enrich my knowledge andskills.

 

Work Experience: =

Job Profile: -

Organization: - Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formerly Knows As Magma Fincorp Ltd.)
Designation: - Branch Manager

Duration: - June 2018 to Till date

Current Job Profile: - Handled whole branch for Business, Collection, Operation & Administration

Business: Looking business of Commercial, Construction Equipment and
Car new as well as old vehicles including Tractor new & used. business.

Collection: Looking entire portfolio of the branch which includes soft bucket cases
along with hard bucket cases

Operation: Looking all the operation related functions & issues for smoothly process of
payments & service to customers.

Job Profile: -

Organization: - Equitas Small Finance Bank Itd .

Designation: - Branch Manager

Duration: - July 2016 to June 2018

Current Job Profile: - Handling whole branch looking Business, Collection , Operation & Administration

Business :Looking business of commercial vehicles new as well as old vehicles
including used tractor business.

Collection : Looking entire portfolio of the branch which includes soft bucket cases
along with hard bucket cases

Operation : Looking all the operation related functions & issues for smoothly process of
payments & service to customers.

 


--- Page Break ---

Job Profile: -
Organization: - Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Co. Ltd.
Designation: - Branch Manager
Duration: - April 2012 to July 2016
Current Job Profile: - Handling whole branch looking Business, Collection , Operation & Administration
Business :Looking business of commercial vehicles new as well as old vehicles
including Tractor new & used tractor business. Also Handled business of Car new and

used vehicles.

Collection : Looking entire portfolio of the branch which includes soft bucket cases
along with hard bucket cases

Operation : Looking all the operation related functions & issues for smoothly process of
payments & service to customers.

Organization: - Kotak Mahindra Bank Itd

Designation: - Assistant Manager.

J ob Profile: - Handling whole branch looking Business of Used Commercial Vehicle and Construction
Equipment Finance under SARAL Loan Department.

Duration : - March 2011 to March 2012.

Organization:- Cholamandalam Investment and Finance co. ltd. ( Vehicle Finance )

Job Porfile Recovery executive and was looking after soft collection for four Talukas of

Ahmednagar District. After shifted in Jan 2006 to Back office I was looking after daily
collection receipts, cash deposition, reconciliation of daily accounts with bank, attending
Customers problems regarding cheque not hitted in bank and other problem processing,
NOC etc. Also assisting the Branch Head for scrutinizing the new proposed files, Co-
Ordination with Marketing exec. For processing the files up to the stage of disbursement
and dealer payments. Also involved in collection of PDD's and other routine work of the
branch. After shifted in Shubh department as a Marketing Exe. from May 2007 to Feb
2010.After that I had joined Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Co. Itd as Location
Head at Sangamner branch on March 2010 to March 2011.

Initiative: - eAchieved targeted Disbursement volumes through the team.

e Training and development of Team.
e Handling processes and systems in the network spread to achieve the target

eTo maintain collection portfolio.

 


--- Page Break ---

Achievements: -
e Ihave setup two branches from the selection of the premises of branch to setup business.

e Achieved targeted Disbursement volumes through the team.
e Ihave worked in three vertical sales, collection and operation.

Technical Profile:

e Basic knowledge of Computer
e Typewriting speed 40 w.p.m. with 60%.

Academic Details:

Qualification Marks %

 

B Com - Pune University Year April 2005. Pass class

 

H S C - Pune Board. Year March 2001. Pass class

 

 

SSC - Pune Board. Year Feb 1999. Pass class

Strengths: -

Self motivated, seeking and enjoying responsibility.
Passion for accepting challenges, creative and intellectually motivating assignments.
Quick learner.
Ability to analyze and solve critical problems.
Team leader.
Personal Details:
Date of Birth - 28th August 1983.

Contact Number. -9890093591

Mailing LD. sachin_bedre@rediffmail.com

Permanent Address:- Flat No. 1, Shantiniketan Appartment , Gulmohar park ,Savedi , Ahmednagar

 

(Sachin Shivaji Bedre)

 
