GAURAV SETH

SENIOR LEGAL PROFESSIONAL WITH 22 YEARS OF WORK EXPERINCE

Contact Number :- 9650023496 E-mail ID :- bkgauravseth@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE :

To Work with a Leading Company, as a Key managerial personnel, thereby offering my rich experience
and expertise in Litigation, Legal and Compliance Management, Legal Collection, NPA Management and
Asset Reconstruction, thereby contributing towards the growth and profits of the company.

STRENGTHS :
Result oriented, High Commitment level, Rich Functional Knowledge and Experience, Good
Leadership and team building skills, Honesty, Willingness to take bigger challenges and

responsibilities, Crisis Management.

CAREER SUMMARY :

Employer Name Area Handled | Job Profile Reporting to

P lla Fi
Aug, 18 till date a arincorp NLM- Litigation All India Legal Management Head-Legal

Dec,15-Dec,16 Intec Capital Ltd Head-Legal All India Legal & Compliance

Jun,08-Dec,10 Magma Fincorp Ltd State Head DL&RJ Legal & NPA Management | ZM-North

May,11-Dec,15 Bajaj Finance Ltd Area Legal Manager North India Legal Management Head-Legal

Jan,17-Aug,18 IIFL Home Finance Ltd | Head-Litigation All India Legal & Compliance Head-Legal

Oct,04- Sep,06 E-nxt Financials Legal Executive Punjab Region | Legal & NPA Management | Head-Legal-TMF
Oct,02-Dec,04 Lloyds Finance Ltd Legal Officer Jalandhar Hub | Legal Management RM-North
Jun,00- Sep,02__| TS Sandhu Advocate_| Associate

° ?
,
,
,

Oct,06-Jun,08 Kotak Mahindra Bank | State Head PB & HR Legal & NPA Management | RM-North

 

CURRENT EMPLOYMENT :

National Legal Manager- Litigation with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
(Since August 2018)

Working as National Legal Manager- Litigation based in Delhi. Managing a team of 60 people
including 4 Zonal Legal Managers (GM/AVP level) people. Managing For and Against Company
litigation and providing Pro-active support for Legal Collections across all Buckets and all
Products, including Asset Based Business (ABF), Mortgage and SME business and reporting to
Head-Legal, satisfying the expectations of multiple stakeholders.


--- Page Break ---

(2)

JOB PROFILE :-

e Supervising and managing litigation size of about 125000 cases, filed by and Against
Company in various Courts in India, relating to 138 NIA, Arbitration, EP, SARFAESI etc.

e Supervising and monitoring high stake matters in NCDRC, NCLT, High Courts and SC, DRT and
DRATs directly.

e Handling special project relating to Legal Collections, in both Auto loans and LAP portfolio, in
a result oriented manner, by allocating cases and driving performance by organizing various
Review Meets, for Devising and executing legal strategies, for resolution of critical High
ODPOS loan accounts.

e Providing legal support to various stakeholders, Like Customer Care team, Sales for resolving
Dealer/DSA disputes, Collections, Fraud Control team, HR for handling employee related
issues.

e Tocreate, improve upon and ensure implementation of SOP and TAT for various legal
actions, while using various trackers, MIS and Control reports.

e To handle Legal budgets and control legal costs.

e Achieving targets for legal recoveries in specific buckets in various portfolio, in close co-
ordination with Collections team.

e Creating systems for tracking and improving the Execution of various legal tools, in various
pending cases and constructive hearing and stage movement in each case.

e Arranging and Conducting legal training to Collection team across India, for utilizing legal
orders and tools for putting required pressure for settlement of case.

e Strengthening the network of lawyers and created systems for their performance appraisal,
Proper vendor billing and other vendor management tools.

Associate Vice President with IIFL Home Loans Ltd
(January 2017 to August 2018)

Worked as Head-Litigation based at Gurgaon. Managed a team of 10 people in Central Legal
team sitting at Head Office and taking care of PAN India Litigation-For & Against Company
Cases, Compliance, Corporate legal advisory and Pro-active support for Legal Recoveries and
reporting to Head-Legal. Instrumental in setting up complete legal department and
resolution of criticial High POS loan accounts by execution of Court orders and processes


--- Page Break ---

(3)

JOB PROFILE :-

e Supervised and managed about 15000 cases, filed by and Against Company in various Courts
in India.

e  Ensured initiation of various legal activities like issuing various legal notices in different
buckets under SARFAESI Act, Negotiable Instruments Act, Arbitration and Execution
Petitions, on timely basis, in line with the rule engine, as defined in SOPs.

e Created system to ensure speedy execution of Court orders and processes, issued in various
legal cases.Closely monitored obtaining Sec-14 SARFAESI orders from CMM/DM office.

e Liaisoned with Revenue and Police authorities for execution of Sec-14 SARFAESI orders in
High POS cases.

e Handled appeals in various DRT and DRATs. Also handled proceedings under IBC -Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code.

e Devised and executed legal strategies for resolution of critical loan accounts with >1 Cr POS.

Head Legal with Intec Capital Limited
(Dec 2015 to Dec 2016)

Worked as Head Legal in the grade of Chief Manager based at Delhi. Managed a team of 10
people and taking care of Legal Management, including litigation, Compliance, Corporate
legal issues and Legal Recoveries and reporting to Managing Director. Provided strategic
legal advice to the organization, by evaluating ongoing litigation and creating systems for
execution of Court orders and processes for creating necessary pressure upon defaulter

customers for resolution of loan accounts and to achieve the business objective of reducing
NPAs.

JOB PROFILE :-

e Developed and implemented SOPs for each activity and sub-activity in the legal department,
stating responsibility and timeline, to ensure timely initiation, Constructive hearing and
stage movement of case, to identify gaps, if any.

e Supervised and managed all For and Against Company litigation of about 7000 cases in
various Courts. Worked closely with external counsels, wherever required.

e Built, led, trained and motivated a dynamic team, with each member, making positive
contribution towards achievement of overall goal of the organization.

e Strengthened Vendor management system, for reducing cost and preventing revenue
leakage, if any.


--- Page Break ---

(4)

Area Legal Manager with Bajaj Finance Ltd
(May 2011 to Dec 2015)

Direct Legal management including litigation for in Circle 1 i.e. Punjab, Haryana, J & K, Rajasthan
and Delhi, through a network of panel lawyers and 4 State Legal officers and reporting to
National Legal Manager, with a dotted line reporting to CBM. Significantly reduced legal cost by
training and imparting functional skills to Collections team to successfully handle Police and
related issues for repossession of financed assets, while executing Receiver orders obtained from
Arbitrator, rather than from District Court.

JOB PROFILE :-

e Handled Litigation For and Against Company cases, around 5000 cases and drafting and
vetting of legal agreements.

e Obtaining Receiver orders for taking custody of financed assets u/s 9 and 17 of Arbitration
act from District Court and Arbitral Court respectively, Holding Conciliation camps/ Lok
Adalat every month. Filing Petitions u/s 156(3), 451 Cr PC in court. Filing and defending
Police complaints filed against Defaulters and our employees.

e Pro-active support to Collections, by conducting regular training meets to for functional
skills required for execution of Court orders and processes, to translate legal tools into
actual resolution of loan accounts.

e Handling other Against company litigation, particularly in Consumer forums. Settling
disputes, Out of court, wherever possible, through negotiations.

e = Filing Writs and Appeals in High Court, Appellate Consumer Courts. Briefing senior counsels,
assisting them in preparing and fighting case, by doing legal research and collecting required
facts and evidence in support of our claim.

State Head with Magma Fincorp Ltd
(June 2008 to Dec 2010)

Worked as State Head for Asset Reconstruction Division in HR grade of Manager. Successfully
handled the Non-Seize & Sold portfolio of Rs 35 Cr in Punjab, then handled Seize & Sold
portfolio of Rs 12 Crin Punjab & Haryana and later handled Seize & Sold portfolio of Rs 13 Cr,
about 1100 cases in Delhi & Rajasthan, handling a team of about 16 Team leaders and
Executives.

Ranked No 1 as per official company MIS, in terms of YTD Resolution achievement percentage in
each portfolio handled and for each region represented by me, month on month and Year on

ear.


--- Page Break ---

(5)
JOB PROFILE :

° Acted as Functional head for the new division created for managing internal W-off
portfolio of the Company, Doing Portfolio analysis, Manpower planning, Fresh
appointment of Employees and Vendors, Consultants, designing their Targets, Action
plan and fixing Performance Linked Incentives and fee structure, in consultation with
senior management.

° Conducting regular Training programs, covering Legal tools for recovery, Negotiation
skills, Operation and audit issues, to build a dynamic team, with necessary skill set
and team spirit.

° Practising Management by example, by actually going into the field and helping team
members solve difficult cases. Regular case to case review with each team member
and giving strategy and to-do list in allocated cases to help them achieve targets.

State Head with Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd
(Oct 2006 to June 2008)

Worked as State Head based at Chandigarh for Asset Reconstruction Division for State of
Punjab & Haryana, in the grade of Deputy Manager and reporting to RM-North. Ranked no 1
in F.Y 2007-08 for achieving the highest Collection-Portfolio percentage for Punjab, amongst
all states in the northern region.

JOB PROFILE :

e Acted as State Head, Putting all systems and processes for Fl, Recovery, Legal, Operations in
place for the new department.

e Did Portfolio analysis, Manpower planning, Fresh appointment of Employees and Vendors,
Consultants, designing their Targets, Action plan and fixing Performance Linked Incentives
and fee structure, in consultation with senior management.

e Managing legal cases filed against and by customer at various locations throughout India by
updating MIS, representing company in courts, Briefing lawyers on company issues.

e Managed recovery of money out of External (Bought-out) portfolio of other Banks and Fls
say TATA Motors Ltd-Auto Loans, CITI Financials- Mortgage loans, ICICI Bank- Auto loans and
Internal (W-off) portfolio of various departments say Personal Loans, CV Loans, Car Loans,
Agriculture Loans, SARAL Loans, through a network of Advocates, DRAs and Repossession
agencies.

Legal Executive with TATA Motor Finance
(Oct 2004 to Sept 2006)

Worked as Legal Executive with TATA Motor Finance subsidiary co, e-Nxt Financials Pvt Ltd, at
Ludhiana, from Oct,04 to Sept,06. Reporting directly to GM- Legal, TATA Motor Finance at
Mumbai about affairs in the State of Punjab and J & K. Ranked no 1, for highest recovery of 97
lakh rupees in northern region, in the second half of F.Y. 2005-06 for State of Punjab. Only star-
performer in the region for being eligible for sponsored tour to Goa.

(6)


--- Page Break ---

JOB PROFILE :

e Recovery of debts from 100% W-Off & NPA cases of Auto loans business Tata Motor Finance
in the State of Punjab and J & K by using legal and subtle ways and means.

e Managing a network of Advocates at various locations and fixing their target linked Fee
structure.

e Issuing Legal notice and Filing Police complaints for Cheating, Forgery and other provisions
of law against defaulters for creating required pressure for settlement of loan account, out
of Court.

e Finding present address and list of properties of defaulters before filing EP in Court.
Executing Court processes issued by 138 NIA Courts in Mumbai.

e Follow up with Insurance Companies, their Grievance cell, Ombudsman Office, Consumer
forums, wherever required, for processing of claims approvals in total loss case.

Legal Officer with Lloyds Finance Limited
(Oct 2002 to Dec 2004)

Worked as Legal Officer based at Amritsar. Successfully negotiated with depositors to settle their
case by accepting half the deposit amount, at a critical stage when Company had lost appeal
even in the apex court and Conditional warrants were issued against MD in Execution
proceedings.

JOB PROFILE :

e Managed about 100 cases, for and against Company litigation for Jallandhar hub.

e Successfully recovered money from defaulters by subtle ways and means where legal
standing of the company was weak or where by way of execution of legal processes against
notorious criminals and defaulters with political background.

e Defending the cases filed by depositors before various Consumer Forums, mainly on
technical grounds or Negotiating for settlement of dispute by making payment, in
instalments, as per Schedule given by Company Law Board.

Associate Lawyer with T S Sandhu, Advocate
(June 2000 to Sept 2002)

Worked as Associate Lawyer based at Amritsar. Also worked as Retainer Legal Advisor for three
local financiers and chit fund companies.

JOB PROFILE :

e Managed all legal documents and files and Assisted the senior in preparing arguments.
e Handled and won about 50 Injunction suits, Summary suits, Cheque bouncing and
Consumer complaints independently.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION :

e C.S (Inter) from The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, New Delhi In the Year 2000
with Pass grade.
e LL.B. from Department of Laws, Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar in the Year 1999.


--- Page Break ---

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION :

e B.Com from Hindu College, Amritsar, affiliated to Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar in the
Year 1996.

e 10+2 (Medical Stream) from P.S.E.B. in 1993.

e Matric from Hindu Sabha Sr Sec School, Amritsar affiliated to P.S.E.B. in the Year 1991.

COMPUTER SKILLS :

DCPA from TULEC, Amritsar covering MS DOS, Windows OS, MS Office application software,
Foxpro, Unix, C and Oracle programming languages.

AWARDS :

National Scholarship in Matric

PERSONAL INFORMATION :

NAME : GAURAV SETH

FATHER NAME ~— : SURINDER MOHAN SETH
D.O.B. : 13.09.1975

AGE : 46

SEX : Male

MARITAL STATUS : Single
CONTACT DETAILS : Permanent Address : 12,Beauty Avenue, Phase-l, Amritsar.
Current Address :- E-180, East of Kailash, Delhi -110065.
