ABDUL HAFEEZ ABDUL HAMEED PATEL

Phone: 9619911740 Email: Hafeez0O786patel@qmail.com

Professional Experience:

Special professional with 18 years of Experience in Skip Tracing, Tele Calling, Collection,
Recovery.

Special Experience in customers skip tracing.

Accuracy in handling team & provide end to end services to client as per client requirement.
Actively involved in negotiations with customers, Servicing customer by resolving disputes,
addressing and resolving customer complaints within TAT

Traced fraud accounts and provide necessary feedback to the management.

Ensured strict adherence to the processes and audit requirements.

Implemented various initiatives and strategy at the field level to improve continuously increase
productivity.

Pursued recovery on chronic customers through legal methods.

Ability to Support and Sustain a positive Work environment that fosters team performance with
strong communication and negotiation skills.

Managing the Audit Work for the Company.

Key Skills: Collections, Strategy implementation, Team management,

Negotiation Skills, Recovery, Initiate legal Method on Chronic cases. Audit Work.

Employer : Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly Known Magma Fincorp Limited )

Designation: State Manager Collections ( ABF )

Duration  : 5th November 2018 to till date

Job Responsibilities

Handled Monthly Portfolio of BKT 31 to 450 of Mumbai Region

Handled 13 Team members.

Maintained and reviewed MIS Reposts to analyze the portfolio.

Handling and resolving the customer escalation door to door visits.
Achieved BKT wise resolution every month consistently on Field & Office.
Achieved skip data converted into resolution in given month.

Support and monitor activities of the skip customers.

Followed all the Parameters set by the quality dept of Financial Institute.
Handled Chronic accounts & ensure smooth follow up to avoid escalations.

Focused skip customers & achievement vs Target set by the Organisation.

VV VV VV VV VV WV

Give the more than resolutions in 90 to 180 BKTs Field Support accounts.


--- Page Break ---

Employer : Tata Business Support Services Ltd

Designation: Assistant Manager

Duration : 15th April 2013 to 3° November’2018

Job Responsibilities

>

VV VV VV VV VV WV

Handled Monthly Portfolio of BKT 1 for Bajaj Auto Finance limited of ROM Gujarat &
Hyderabad Region

Handled 45 Team members including 8 Team Leaders

Maintained and reviewed MIS Reposts to analyze the portfolio.

Handled Cholamandalam Finance of CV Accounts BKT 0-30.

Handled 35 Team members including 3 Team Leaders.

Achieved more than 95% resolution every month consistently on Field.
Achieved 90% skip data converted into resolution in given month.
Support and monitor activities of the skip customers.

Followed all the Parameters set by the quality dept of Financial Institute.
Handled VIP’s accounts & ensure smooth follow up to avoid escalations.
Focused skip customers & achievement vs Target set by the client.

Give the more than 90 % resolutions in Field Support accounts.

Work Experience

Employer : RMS Group
Designation: Supervisor
Duration : July 2005 To Feb 2013

Job Responsibilities

>

VV VV WV

V WV

Handling Flows Portfolio for Personal Loan 0,30,60,90,120,DPD & W/Off

Managing Team with a total Allocation of 12 Crore

Handling team of 25 field executives and daily monitoring the set target for the portfolio.
Training to the Field Executive of the Given guidelines of RBI.

Find out the cases for JVT and give complete Field Support to the FOS

Need to update the daily feedback on the System to know the past records of the
customer.

Need to ensure that accounts get zeroised after the settlement.

Perform scheduled & unscheduled visits to the outsourced serviced providers to ensure
process/policy are being adhered to.

Handling MIS & adhering to the TAT of periodical reporting. Managing team effectively &
displaying excellent relationship skills.


--- Page Break ---

> Offering credit related customer services & coordinating with a plethora of departments
to deliver quality services.

> Initiating the legal method of collection on the chronic cases.
> Interaction with the customer on the legal initiated accounts.

Need to ensure maximum business on the skip accounts.

Achievements in RMS GROUP

Select For the best Team Leader of theYear 2006/2007/2010/2011.

Received the Best Team Leader Award 06 times in consecutive months.

Winner for 4 times as Consistent Contest.

Awarded for Play the Lead Contest in 2011 Best Team Leader For Citifinancial x BKT
Portfolio.

VVVV

Achievements Tata business support service ltd

> Received the kudos from client of Cholamandalam & company in the month of Nov’14.

Educational Qualifications

Degree : B.Com
Stream : Commerce
University : Institute Of Engineering & Management Studies ( Pune )

Personal Details
Date of Birth : 12th May’1974
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi and Urdu.
Marital Status : Married

Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Carom, Table Tennis,
Making new friends, learning new things.

Permanent Address /

Mailing Address — : B/402 Ruhi Complex Almas Colony,
OPP Agt College Kausa,
Mumbra, Dist, Thane-400612


--- Page Break ---

Date
Place : Mumbai

Signature: Abdul Hafeez Patel
