 

SU] EESH.E.P

Address:
THAVAYIL HOUSE
CHIRAKKUTHAZHE
PO KIZHUNNA

PIN 670007
KANNUR,KERALA
Phone Number:

Mob: 9947509517
9746355116

E-Mail:
suji.19189@ yahoo.com
sujeeshep19189@ gmail.c

om

RESUME

Objective

To obtain a meaningful and challenging position that enables me
to learn and contribute and that allows for career advancement.

Academic record

B com: (2011-2014)
e Bharathiar University, Coimbatore

HSC: (2005-2007)
e Govt. Higher Secondary School ,Thottada

SSLC: (2005)
e Govt. Higher Secondary School, Thottada

Work Experience:

> Company: MAHINDRA AND MAHINDRA FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD.
Position : ACCOUNTS ASSISTANT
Period : From May 2008 to March 2010

Duties:
e Accounts Work
e Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing organization
standards
e Record sales and order information and report the same to the
department
e Processes payments and documents such as invoices, delivery
order, journal vouchers, employee reimbursements and statements.
All documents, vouchers, certificates and bills keeping in Files
Preparing quotations for customers and supplier LPOs
Calculates rates paid for purchases and all price extensions
Data entry by using Excel, Word and online softwares
Assisting senior officers

> Company : BUSSAN AUTO FINANCE
Position : FINANCE CO-ORDINATOR
Period _: From April 2010 to September 2012
Duties:
e Monitoring and executing the daily day-to-day goals and priorities

set by the management
e Achieve monthly sales target


--- Page Break ---

Personal Data:
Father’s Name: Rajan. K.K
Date of Birth :21.02.1990
Gender : Male
Nationality —_:Indian
Marital Status: Married

Mother Tongue: Malayalam

Maintain and develop good relationship with customers through
personal contact or meeting or via telephone etc.

Calculates rates paid for purchases and all price extensions

Provide finance support to the customers

Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing organization
standards

Record sales and order information and report the same to the
department

Planning and conducting Field activity

Provide accurate feedback on future buying trends

Display efficiency in gathering market and customer info to enable
negotiations regarding variations in prices, interes rates, delivery
and customer specifications to their managers.

Company : T V SUNDRAM IYENGAR & SONS PVT LTD

Position
Period

Duties:

: ASSOCIATE (CRM) AND SALES CONSULTANT

: From September 2012 to J uly 2017

Monitoring and executing the daily day-to-day goals and priorities
set by the management

Selling the products

Achieve monthly sales target

Field activity planning and conducting

Maintain and develop good relationship with customers through
personal contact or meeting or via telephone etc.

Billing or invoicing the vehicles

Must act as a bridge between the company and its current market
and future market

Processes payments and documents such as invoices, journal
vouchers, employee reimbursements and statements.

All documents, vouchers, certificates and bills keeping in Files
Preparing quotations for customers and supplier LPOs

Preparing customer delivery notes and delivery orders and updating
Inventory stock checking and taking new arrival reports

Calculates rates paid for purchases and all price extensions
Identifies product improvements or new product by remaining
current on industry trends market, activities and competitor’s

Data entry by using Excel, Word and online softwares

Attending the Training for improving the knowledge

Maintain relationship with clients by providing support,
information, guidance, recommending new products and services
Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing organization
standards

Record sales and order information and report the same to the
department

Other back office works


--- Page Break ---

> Company : CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT & FINANCE CO. LTD.

Position : OFFICER- SALES
Period  : From August 2017 to November 2018.

Duties:
e Monitoring and executing the daily day-to-day goals and
priorities set by the management
Achieve monthly sales target
e Maintain and develop good relationship with customers
through personal contact or meeting or via telephone etc.
e Calculates rates paid for purchases and all price extensions
e Provide finance support to the customers
Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing
organization standards
e Record sales and order information and report the same to
the department
Planning and conducting Field activity
Provide accurate feedback on future buying trends
e Display efficiency in gathering market and customer info to
enable negotiations regarding variations in prices, interest
rates, delivery and customer specifications to their managers.

> Company : MAGMA FINCORP LTD. /POONAWALLA

FINCORP LTD.
Position : AREA OFFICER
Period : From November 2018 to Present.

Duties:
e« Achieve monthly sales and Collection target

through personal contact or meeting or via telephone etc.

Provide finance support to the customers
Collection of EMI

Planning and conducting Field activity
Provide accurate feedback on future buying trends

Passport Details

Passport Number : K 6698667

Date of Expiry — : 22/11/2022

Issuing Authority : Ministry of External A ffairs, Govt. of India.
Place of issue : Kozhikkode

Technical Skills

Diploma in Computer A pplications
Indian And Foreign A ccounting

Maintain and develop good relationship with customers


--- Page Break ---

Linguistic A bilities

To Read & Write : English, Malayalam, Hindi

e To Speak : English, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil
Hobbies
e Watching T V
e Listening music
e Playing Cricket and Football
e Reading
e Social works
Personal C ompetencies
e Sincere, Hardworking, Very independent and habitual in producing results before deadlines
e Willingness to learn
e Excellent problem solving skills and a self-starter
e Takes initiative and works independently or as a part of a group
e Well organized and easily meets deadlines
e Fluent in languages like English, Hindi, Malayalam.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above details furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge and
belief.

Place: THOTTADA

Date:

(SUJEESH E P)
