 

Seemit Das

 

Kalpana villa, DVC Colony, Kulti, West Bengal - 713343
Email: seemit.das@gmail.com; Mob: +91 8637359721/ +91 9093332438

Objective: Seeking a challenging Mid-level position in HR / Business Development in a reputed organization

CAREER SUMMARY

14 years of diverse and dedicated experience in HR and Operation Management, Daily MIS Work and
HR Generalist Work.

Worked in different sectors and successfully handled daily operations and helped Legal &
Collection team and sales team, to achieve their budget/target.

Meet deadlines, goal-directed, strong on follow-up, and good under pressure.

Excellent interpersonal skills; organized, professional, diplomatic, cooperative, and trustworthy
team player.

Skilled in various computer software and operating systems.

AREAS OF EXPOSURE

HR Development

Developed prospective clients across sectors for deeper market penetration.

Managed business development activities and was accountable for augmented profitability and increased
sales growth.

Executed effective plans designed to assure achievement of agreed-to volume, market share and profit
objectives.

Developed new customer service program.

Team Management

Leading & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales and operations
function for target achievement.

Knowledge sharing with the newcomers.

Implementing strategies for building team effectiveness by promoting a spirit of cooperation between
team members; monitoring performance & providing feedback on areas of improvement.

Work History [TotaL: 170 Montus]

Activity Breakup-Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (April’2021- Continue) (As a SR. Executive)

Responsibility and achievement:

Daily MIS Work in ORACLE and Advance Excel.

Warrant and Summons Report send to lawyer as per requirement.
Prepare Cases Next Date Report in Excel.

Prepare VIN Notice and send to Direct Customer.

Activity Breakup-Magma Fincorp Ltd. (Jan’2019-MARCH’ 2021) (As a SR. Executive)

Responsibility and achievement:

Daily MIS Work in ORACLE and Advance Excel.

Warrant and Summons Report send to lawyer as per requirement.
Prepare Cases Next Date Report in Excel.

Prepare Execution Notice and send to Direct Customer.


--- Page Break ---

Activity Breakup-Exide Industries Limited (In Adecco India Ltd.)(May’2016-Jan’2019) (As a RSM Secretary)
Responsibility and achievement:

Daily MIS Work in SAP and Advance Excel.
Daily DR & CR Report Prepare.

Daily Stock Report Prepare’

Daily FGSS Report Prepare.

Daily PDL Report Prepare

Activity Breakup-Yes Consultants (August’2015-April’2016) (As a Junior Auditor)

Responsibility and achievement:

Trainee I.S.0 Auditor.
Prepare a Company Manual As per |.S.0 Rules & Regulation.

Activity Breakup- Arti Bakery Pvt. Ltd. (July’2012-July’-2015) (As a HR Generalist)

Responsibility and achievement:

Daily Attendance Maintain.

Weekly Packers, Labors, Wage’s payment.
Materials & Finished Goods Stock Maintain
Excise Chalan Maintain.

Input & Output vat Register Maintain.
Daily Voucher Entry in Tally Erp 9

Activity Breakup- Angel Bakery Pvt. Ltd. (July’2010-June’ 2012) (As a HR Generalist)

Responsibility and achievement:

Biscuit Production and Purchase materials daily maintain in Excel.
Cash Deposited and withdrew from Bank

Weekly Bill Maintain

staff Salary and Labor Wages payment

Cash Book and Bank Book Maintain

Party Ledger Book Maintain.

Daily Voucher Entry in Tally 7.2

Activity Breakup- LTC Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. (August ‘2007 - May’2010) (As a HR Generalist)

Responsibility and achievement:

Weekly Bill Maintain.

Weekly Bill Deposit to Contractor.

Labor Bill Maintain.

Party Ledger Book Maintain.

Cash Book and Bank Book Maintain.

Party and Staff Salary and Labor Wages payment.

EDUCATION
MB A (HR) from Sikkim Manipal University (2012)
B Com (Pass) from Burdwan University (2007)
PERSONAL PARTICULAR

Date of Birth: 29 August 1986, Marital status: Married, Language Known: Hindi, English & Bengali


--- Page Break ---

