BHANUCHANDARYAGATI

Objective To work in a challenging and stimulating environment envisaging personal
growth and career development by associating with an organization which provides
an ambiance for learning and growing in the field Marketing and Management.

Functional 8 years experienced in the field of Collections.
summary

Employment

. Current Working Organization

History gM"rg

Working as Deputy Manager in Poonawalla fin corp Itd (f(ormely Known as Magma fin Corp ltd
) from May5th 2020 to till date.

e Handling Auto loan collections 30-90 bkt of 4 districts - Car loans and Commercial
vehicles and CEQ Colletions

Monitoring 7 members of team for daily collections

Handling repossessions with 3 Repo agencies

Payment updation s and Settlements

Executive Final updations and Mis preparations

Performance reviews and Plan of Actions in dip locations

Qwertrly Performance Presentations

Working as A Branch receivable Manager (Deputy Manager) with Equitas Small Finance Bank
Limited from April-2019 for Commercial vehicle Collections.

Handling X- to 31-60 bkt collections at Tuni,Kakiinada and Amalapuram.
Monitoring filed officers to achieved fixed targets and Receipt updating
90+ and NPA Settlements

Repossessions and stock clearance

Shortfall collection field with Area legal Manager and Legal officer.

Supporting to Legal Proceeding On Loss on sale vehicle Collections
Preparing feedback of NPA and SF cases and Presentation of Final MIS
Conducting Monthly Branch meetings. And Minutes of meeting on priority basis.

Worked as a Senior Collection Officer Bajaj Auto finance Itd from Jan 2016 to
March-2019

e Two-Wheeler loans Collections based at Visakhapatnam
e Handling X-6 bucket s collections.

e Locations: Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Kakinada, Amalapuram,Rajahmundry
Bhimavaram, Eluru.

e Responsible for managing with 6 agencies’ 50+field executives.

e Train & motivate the field executives, setting targets and ensuring to
achieve the targets.

e Solving chronic cases, and trace out skip cases, personally handled
repositions.

e Generating MIS reports, Reports sending to ACM and ZRM, giving daily
targets to executives.

e Making visit to delinquent customers, analysis of reason for delinquent and
trying to collect part payments to reduce the bucket size
Maintains repo vehicle stock yard and repo sale.

e Receipt books reconciliation on weekly basis. And monitoring cash updation

 


--- Page Break ---

on regular basis.

e Review FOS, agency TL’s, & Agency proprietors for better closings.
Worked as Collection Officer (CVF) for India Bulls financial services Ltd
May-2013 to Jan2016

e Handling Commercial vehicle collections from 1+ to 90+ aging.

e Involving in legal cases and supporting to legal team.

e Coordinating with agency team for soft and hard repossession

Worked as Customer Support Officer for Mahindra & Mahindra Financial
Services Ltd.

April-2010 to August 2012

Working as a Customer Support Officer for Three Wheeler, LMV, LCV, HCV, CEQ
Vehicle Loans, Personal loans Collections at Vizag and Rural locations.

e Collection in Rural locations
e Handling 0 to 12 buckets
e NPA Tracings, Repo Intimations

Worked as Relationship Officer for Fullerton India Credit Co. Ltd.
Visakhapatnam- Nov 07 to March 10

Sales Activities:
O Worked as a Relationship Officer for two-wheeler loans Department under
RMM division. With team of 10 members at vizag branch.

° Handling the responsibilities of sales and collections targets as well as credit
screening.
O Experience in credit department includes analysis and processing of

applications for two-wheeler loans and retail assets, also involved in
decision-making at operational level.

O Monitoring field verification report and customer doucumets accuracy

report through (FCU)
Collection Activities :

O Collection monitoring for two wheelers under RMM division. With a team
of 3 members at vizag branch

O Monthly dump allocation to the executives

Oo PTP and daily updates and MIS to the Reporting Officer

Oo Handling Non-starters and Front end(FE) and up to 3 buckets

O Supporting to the GCL and NCL cases.

Worked as a Direct Marketing Executive in Bajaj Auto Finance Limited

 


--- Page Break ---

 

Education

Computer skills

Strengths

Personal Details

Jan-05 To Oct--2007
o Sales Monitoring with Bajaj Showroom Team
o Updating MIS as per daily logins and disbursals volume.
o Conducting Demos and Weekly Road Shows and Monthly Events
o (DCN)Disbursal Credit Note Updating with dealer.

o Achieving Targets.

POST GRADUATION-MASTER OF BUSSINESS
ADMINISTRATION(MBA-2011) at Andhra Unversity

GRADUATION: Bachelor of Commerce (Year of Passing -2004) at Dr. BR Ambedkar
Open university

(Board of Intermediate Education) Year of Passing (2001)
(Board of secondary Education) Year of Passing (1999)

Operating system: Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications and

Desk Top Publishing

?,

* Positive attitude and aggressiveness

<<

x Dedication and commitment to work

ae

* Achieving target within stipulated time

ae

* Good communication skills

Name: BhanuChandar Yagati

Father name: Lakshmana Rao

Date of Birth: 02°%-June-1984.

Gender: Male.

Marital status: Married

Permanent address Block No-16, GF-3,
RGK Colony
Marikavalasa,Madhurawada
Nr Water Tank
Visakhapatnam -530048,
Andhra Pradesh.Ph:8121201289,9494574853

Mail id: bhanuchandrayInu@gmail.com

 

 


--- Page Break ---

PLACE: VISAKHAPATNAM BHANUCHANDAR YAGATI

 
