| Telangana, India
ff Sirangi Satish Kumar Mobile :+91 9849602134
= Mail id : SatishSirangi@gmail.com

 

Exceptionally well organized and resourceful professional with more than 18 years’ experience and a solid
academic background. Able to handle multiple projects with high quality and deadline -oriented
environment.

 

Manager /Zonal -IT Manager / South

Professional Brief

Almost 18 years of IT Exposure on implementing, and maintaining the infrastructure of different sectors like
public/NBFC/Trading companies. This includes networking, data centre support, servers, storage systems, and
any other hardware or software that supports a company's IT systems.

Responsible for interviewing, hiring, & training desktop & technical support staff.

Design, develop, and support the corporate IT infrastructure including Voice/Data Networks, System
Administration, Desktop Support, and Data Centre Management

Responsible for all infrastructure including servers, network, patching, configuring, installing and maintaining
Windows Servers.

Played a Key role as Business Analyst for LMS/LOS/Mobile Collection apps with Muthoot money limited with
external vendors.

Create IT security and run book documentation for internal and external client security audits.

Supported offices and servers around the world using various remote control applications along with
planned

Ensured the project objectives and requirements are clear and agreed upon by all team members.

Organized and managed all phases of the project to ensure on-time completion within budgetary
requirements.

Ensures for the availability, continuity and security of data and information pertaining to the organization.
Escalated project issues that cannot be completed within agreed service levels.

Professional Scan
Poona Walla Fincorp Ltd: Dec 2022- till Now.
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Managing all IT- Operations for South India.

Provided orientation and training to new employees and advised them on the effective handling of
customer complaints.

Managing End User Support team for South zone.

Vendor Management/IT-infra-Procurement for South Zone.
Third level of Escalation for South India.
Working closely with Admin to Setting up new branches.

Working closely with Management in rolling out new technical solutions for the South Zone along with
other Zones.

Provided on -the-job training and guidance for all Resident Engineers of south.

Transition activities from old domain to new domain

Satish Sirangi Aug-22 Page 1 of 2


--- Page Break ---

Professional Engagements

Sep-18 |Dec200 Muthoot Money Pvt Ltd Manager-IT
Sep-18 Magma Fincorp Ltd Deputy Manager-IT

Career Achievements

 

Religare Technologies Ltd : Best performer out of 11 team from south.
Muthoot Money Limited : Memorandum received for implementing application on time.

Qualifications

University/Board Percentage

 

CCNA Cisco Certified Network Associate os
PGDHWNT PG Diploma in Hardware & Networking 2002-2004

Personal Details

 

Date of birth: 28-12-1981
Father Name: Sirangi Narsinga Rao
Languages known: _ English | Hindi | Telugu

Sirangi Satish Aug-2022 Page 2 of 2
