 

Address:

SABIR KUMAR TARAT SABIR KUMAR TARAI
At-Patrisahi,Post-Dhusuri,Distt.Bhadrak
Odisha. Pin Code-756119.

Email:- sabirtarai@gmail.com Mobile No-9555475005

 

 

Objective:-

To work for an organization with full zeal aiming at not only concerned authority’s satisfaction but also overall
personal development. I’m of a view of growing with the organization.

EMPLOYMENT RECITAL

CURRENT (April’16 - Continue)

Working with POONAWALLA FINCORP Ltd (Formerly known as MAGMA
FINCORP LTD, Sambalpur. (A leading NBFC engaged in financing Car Loans,
Commercial Vehicles, Construction Equipment, SME and other fee-based services).

Joined in April 2016 as Sr Operation Officer at Ghaziabad branch, (Delhi NCR) now
Transfer to Odisha Sambalpur Branch Western Orissa region.

Role/Responsibilities:
Documentations and Disbursement:-

Keeping eye on mandate KYC, decided by RBI & Magma Internal policies to be tagged in file.
Ensure pre & post approval documentation is accurate and full filled as per the product policy.
Disbursement a/c to fulfillment of pending subjectivities

Preparing loan documents of financial and non-financial details on Orica. & Finn ONE

Ensure all credit & operations Process is adhering to in branch. Ensure that loan Originating system
(Orica) & Finn One

Checking Risk Score and Pricing Modules.

e Updating all ECS/Auto Debit/ACH/PDC in banking management system

Processing & disablement in all product(CAR,USED CAR,CV,USED CV,CE,USED CE,Tractor &
used tractors ) .

Processing of Used vehicles (refinance/Repurchase/Topup) and disbursement of payment to customers
Checking and validating valuation reports/technical reports/fitness reports/tax certificates

Release Order to Dealers and ensure the Payment Disbursement to Dealer on time.

Payment punching on system and Booking of file after completion of checking’s as per policy
Dispatching all Files to the central Operation within the TAT period and maintaining Each and Every
separate and accurate MIS.

Cash Management:-

e Ensuring all walk-in customers’ cash to be deposited in Branch timely.

e Checking and counting fraudulent notes before deposition cash at branch.

e Bulk cash Counting and Checking as per the RBI Rules and Regulations and Stamping
cash/cheque/DD PIS on system at the E.O.D

e Ensure all cash/DD/cheques deposited in the Banks in the next working days of collections.

Customer Service:-

 


--- Page Break ---

Calculating the precloser/forecloser amount and applied for termination to HO, after all collections
cleared and when there is no dues receivable.

Issue NOC to total loss and damage cases, issue NOC to RTO for RTO change, NOC to insurance
company to release claimed fund in the the name of customer

Issue of Re-Insurance Policy to customer in coordination with our Insurance companies.

Issue TDS certificates, SOA, NOC, Loan Statements, and Amortization etc.

Taking and resolving all customers QRC (Queries/ Requests /Complains) with coordination with
Central Operation

Giving best possible customer service to the daily walk-in customers.

Corporate Achievement;

Reduced the audit queries level after joining Magma Fincorp Ltd

Achieved 100% quality in audit process in Magma Fincorp Ltd

Appreciation from State Head and ZOM for quality process

Getting disbursement of volume touching nearly Scr. on monthly basis, by coordinating with my team.
Performed as an integral part in between higher authorities & clients not only after satisfying

Work Experience:

Have a total experience of 14 years in Operations Department (Retail and Consumer Finance)

TATA Motors Finance Ltd (Roll of Tata Business Support Services Ltd & E-NXT)

Period: Oct-14 to April 2016
Designation: Operation Executive

Role/Responsibilities:

Documentations and Disbursement: -

Keeping eye on mandate KYC, decided by RBI & Tata Internal policies to be tagged in file.

Maintain the Disbursement process for all Products (Car, Used Car, CV & Used CV) of Organization
as Operation Executive.

Ensure pre & post approval documentation is accurate and full filled as per the product policy.
Disbursement a/c to fulfillment of pending subjectivities

Preparing loan documents and stamping of financial and non-financial details on SAP.

Ensure all credit & operations Process is adhering to in branch. Ensure that loan Originating system
(LOS)

Checking Risk Score and Pricing Modules.

Updating all ECS/Auto Debit/NACH/PDC in banking management system.

Processing of Used vehicles (refinance/Repurchase/Top up) and disbursement of payment to customers
Checking and validating valuation reports/technical reports/fitness reports/tax certificates

Release Order to Dealers and ensure the Payment Disbursement to Dealer on time.

Payment punching on system and Booking of file after completion of checking’s as per policy
Dispatching all Files to the central Operation within the TAT period and maintaining Each and Every
separate and accurate MIS.

Cash Management:-

Ensuring all walk-in customers’ cash to be deposited in Branch timely.

Checking and counting fraudulent notes before deposition cash at branch.

Bulk cash Counting and Checking as per the RBI Rules and Regulations and Stamping
cash/cheque/DD PIS on system at the E.O.D

Ensure all cash/DD/cheques deposited in the Banks in the next working days of collections.


--- Page Break ---

Customer Service:-

e Calculating the precloser/forecloser amount and applied for termination to HO, after all collections
cleared and when there is no dues receivable.

e Issue NOC to total loss and damage cases, issue NOC to RTO for RTO change, NOC to insurance
company to release claimed fund in the the name of customer

e Issue of Re-Insurance Policy to customer in coordination with our Insurance Broker companies.

e Issue TDS certificates, SOA, NOC, Loan Statements, and Amortization etc.

e Taking and resolving all customers QRC (Queries/ Requests /Complains) with coordination with
Central Operation

e Giving best possible customer service to the daily walk-in customers.

Pamac Financial Pvt Ltd
Period: Aug-2006 to Oct-2014
Designation: Operation Officer

Role/Responsibilities:

e Process various loans both physically and in system and Disbursement the same on system and
Checking all credit criteria and subjectivity as per the product policy.

e Checking all post sanction conditions and make sure that the Standard Operating process is being
followed.

e PDC, ECS Mandate, Auto Debit, DAS checking as per the Banks and RBI circular policy and
Punching the same on system and Banking through the channels.

e = Circulating discrepancy, Authorization and daily status MIS.

e Circulating weekly and monthly qualitative and quantitative MIS

e Shaping ECS/AD and PDC up-to-date MIS

Corporate Achievement;

Reduced the audit queries level after joining Tata Motor Finance Ltd

Achieved 100% quality in audit process in Tata Motors Finance Ltd

Appreciation from State Head and ROM for quality process

Getting disbursement of volume touching nearly 10cr. on monthly basis, by coordinating with my
team.

e Performed as an integral part in between higher authorities & clients not only after satisfying

Educational Qualifications:

Sr. No. Qualification Board/University Year

1. Diploma In Computer | F-Tech, Preet Vihar, New Delhi 2006

2. B.A. Fakir Mohan University Under Utkal 2010
University/ Odisha

3. 12" Bhadrak Junior College, 2005
Bhadrak/Odisha,CHSE

4 MD High school,Dhusuri, Odisha 2003

Achievements & Awards:

 

 

 


--- Page Break ---

e Got indulged in several co curricular activities at school & college level.

Area of Interest:

 

e Making new friends & keeping relations alive.

Technical Skill:

e §=©Keep through knowledge of SAP, Oracle, Lotus Notes, Outlook & other java based software’s.
e Aware of usage of FINNONE & APS software’s.

Personal Details:

Name: SABIR KUMAR TARAITI Father’s Name: HRUSHI KESH TARAIT
Sex: MALE Father’s Occupation: RETAIRED

Date of birth: 10° May 1986 Mother’s Name: KANA LATA TARAI
Nationality : INDIAN Mother’s Occupation: HOMEMAKER
Hobbies:

e Keeping myself updated with current policies changes, Reading Books based on management &
motivational point of views, making lot of friends.

Language known:

e Hindi, English.

References:

1) Name:- Mr. Jayanta Kumar Dash

Designation:- State Head Operation, Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
Mob:- +91-9934360882 (Odisha)

2) Name:- Mr. Bikash Ranjan Rath

Designation:- Area Manager, Credit HDB Finance
Mob:- +91-7894443461 (Odisha Sambalpur)
3) Name:- Mr. Balram Kar

Designation:- | CPA Manager, Pamac Financial Pvt Ltd.
Mob:- +91-9350683023, New Delhi.
Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear

the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: Odisha (SABIR KUMAR TARAIT)
