AMIT AGARWAL Email: amitagarwal5495 @gmail.com
+91 - 9307458144

 

PROFILE SUMMARY:

Experience in the field of Operations, Credit and Collection in Two-Wheeler Loans, Auto Loans
Commercial Vehicle Loans, Used Vehicle Loans, Business Loan, Loan against Property and
Housing Loan with reputed and leading NBFCs.

Building, developing and motivating Team to achieve desired results.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

> Regional Operations Head: Poonawalla Fincorp Limited

From February 2021 - Present
Location: Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh)

Key Responsibilities:

S\N

LNNNNN NNR

Managing 11 Branches of UP Eastern Region

Disbursement of Pre-Owned Cars Loan, Business Loan, Personal Loan, Loan to
Professionals, Medical Equipment Loan & Loan against Property

File quality maintenance (FTR) and timely audit query resolution

Ensuring controls for cash operations at branches

Dispatch of files and SPDCs within TAT to storage location post disbursement
Ensuring timely sharing of NACH Mandates with vendor

Time bound PDD update post receipt of documents from business team
Ensure process related compliances are adhered and observations are not repeated
Regular visits to key locations

Ensure training is imparted to the entire team on key policy changes/updates
Cross sell activities and performance

Overall customer service performance


--- Page Break ---

> Zonal Operations Manager: Tata Motors Finance Limited
From August 2019 to November 2020 at Gurgaon (Haryana)

Key Responsibilities:

\

Handle four branches of Gurgaon Zone at Haryana

\

Monitor timely generation of Release Orders, Disbursement and Booking of
Passenger Cars, Commercial Vehicles & Used Vehicle Loans after complying the
policies and process of the company.

\

Training for branch operations, Dealer Executives and cross vertical at regular
interval for changes in KYC and credit policies.
Y Ensuring resolutions of Customer Queries, Requests and Complaint within
stipulated time
Y Ensuring deposition of cash and cheques in Bank within TAT.
Y_ Ensuring health check with zero defect on PDC and NACH and dispatch to HO within TAT
Y Dealership and Branch visits and resolving issues.
Y Compliance to Audit guidelines and internal policies of company
Y Collection of overdue amount and charges from customers and resolution their queries

> Area Operations Manager: Tata Motors Finance Limited
April 2011 - July 2019 at Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh)

Key Responsibilities:

Y Disbursement and booking of new vehicles & used loans as per policies and process
of the company.

Y Monitoring and Training of branch operations, Dealer Executives and cross vertical
for KYC and credit policies.

¥ Stamping of Loan Agreements and distribution to Branches , Dealers & DSA for UP
State and monthly reconciliation

\

Collection and resolution of customer issues.

> Executive - Operations: E-Nxt Financials Limited ( A subsidiary of Tata Motors
Finance)

Feb. 2008 to March 2011

Key Responsibilities:

Handling Disbursement of Passenger Cars & Commercial Vehicles
Banking of cheques & Cash collection from customers

Customer Queries, Request and Complaints resolution

Support to other Branches in Operation activities

LN NN


--- Page Break ---

> Finance & Accounts Manager: Gemini Mobiles (P) Limited
April 2007 to Jan. 2008

An automobile dealership in Lucknow for Chevrolet brand cars manufactured by General
Motors (India) Ltd.

Key Responsibilities:

Managing the Accounts Department & 4 Accountants
Supervision and finalization of accounts

Monitoring Overhead expenses

Cost control and savings

TDS & Service Tax challan & return filing

Preparation of Monthly Profit & Loss Account

Fund and cash planning

Filing of ES] & PF Returns

LNNN NNN AN

> Audit & Accounts Manager: G.P.Gupta & Co.-Chartered Accountants
June2004 - March 2007

An old & reputed Chartered Accountant firm in Lucknow having good exposure in
Government Audits, Company & NGO Accounting & Income Tax matters.

Key Responsibilities:

VY Finalization of Accounts of various concerns

Y Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement and Inventory accounting in Tally.

Y Preparation of Balance Sheet, Trading & Profit and Loss Account along with
annexure of various proprietorship concerns, partnership firms and companies.

Y Audit & preparation of Income Tax Return of various Proprietorship Firms,
Partnership Firms, Private Limited Companies, Societies & N.G.O.

¥Y Computation of Tax Liability and filing of Income Tax Returns of Individuals,
Firms, Societies and Pvt. Limited Companies.

Y Party accounts reconciliation and Inter branch reconciliation

Major Assignment:

Audit of The Akshya Patra Foundation, a NGO in Vrindavan, Mathura (UP) and
unit of ISKCON, Bangalore, on monthly basis and preparation of monthly Income
& Expenditure A/c, Receipts & Payment A/c and Balance Sheet.


--- Page Break ---

> Credit Appraiser: Tata Finance Limited
March 2001- April 2003

Key Responsibilities:

Credit Appraisal of Two Wheeler Loans in Territory

Decisioning of cases sourced by sales in keeping with the policy/process by HO
Monitoring bouncing of EMI cheques and collection

Cash collection and timely deposition in Bank

Customer Service and Dealer Support

LN NN A

IT SKILLS:

Well versed with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Internet applications
Working on SAP, Oracle & Tally Software

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Completed three years C.A. Articleship under “M/s Khandelwal & Jain, Chartered Accountants”
as per the guidelines of “The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Post Graduate Diploma in Financial Management (PGDFM) in 2010 from UP Rajarshi Tandon
Open University, Allahabad.

M.Com. in 1992 from Lucknow University with Co. Accounts, Law & Taxation.

B.Com. in 1990 from Lucknow University with Accounts, Audit & Management

PERSONAL VITAE:

Father’s Name : Shri R. K. Agarwal
Mother’s Name : Smt. C.K.Agarwal
Residential Address : 78/68, New Ganesh Ganj,
Lucknow-226018 Date of Birth : 04th July 1971
Languages Known : Hindi & English

Marital Status : Married

(Amit Agarwal)
