Covering Letter

Ma’am /Sir,

Greetings of the day.

I Manish Srivastava would like to put my candidature, for the post of “Collection
Manager ”on your Reupdated Group .

My education and work experience makes me confident enough to take up the
responsibilities as required and its strategic implementation along with the innovative
practices in a way to be best in the area, and also to get on with theorganizational ethics
to be practiced so as to achieve satisfaction and appreciation among employees and target
audience.

If provided with an opportunity, I can combine in-house policies and institutional
strategies backed by the cooperation of my seniors and colleagues to put the best of an
image of the institution.

Thanking you in anticipation for the interest that your organization has shown in me by
going through the attached curriculum vita of mine. Hoping for a quick response from
your side.

Dear Ma’am/Sir, I request to provide me an opportunity to serve your esteemed
organization. I can assure you that you would be more than satisfied with my
performance.

With sincere respect and regards,

Manish kr. Srivastava


--- Page Break ---

Resume

Manish K Srivastava

House No.17-Type Il, ADA Colony, New Jhunsi, Allahabad, 211019, Contact No. (Post
Paid no)}— 6392447162.

email id: mailme.manish_srivastava@rediffmail.com

Synopsis:

A dynamic professional experience with over more than 8 years of experience in the
areas of Strategic Planning, Collections, Channel and Distribution Management,
Client Relationship Management and Team Management.

Demonstrated abilities in handling all sort of customers to achieve the target.

Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abili-
ties in team management, customer relationship management and planning. Want to
excel in the field of banking & Finance and to carve a niche for myself, while con-
tributing to the maximum growth of the organization, I am associated with

Working Experience:

Presently Working in Magma Fincorp Ltd Ltd, As “Assistant Manager”
collection’s in North Region, (30-90) Bucket loan in Commercial & Passenger
Vehicles, Personal Car, JCB in Raebarely & Barabanki Location as on payroll
from 15 Feb-21 To -Till Date.

Job Profile& Responsibilities’ :

> Normalization of 30-90 Bucket Aging cases.

> Managing collection Portfolio in UP 1, North Region (Raebarely & Barabanki)
Area for resolving in collection portfolio Bucket.

> Handling to Manage The Complete Responsibility of collection Portfolio by
Recruiting Man power, & appointing vendors (collection agency & Repossession
agency).

> Repo stock disposal, Gathering Market information on defaulters, Legal
compliance, feedback of entire handling Location for H.O, Meeting with senior’s
for resolution of difficult cases in every month End review meeting’s.


--- Page Break ---

VV

Meeting in Branch With credit & sales Staff, For Making them Aware of New
defaulter’s & also achieve new link or clues to resolve existing default customer
of my location’s, with the help of dealer point also.

Effectively Handled The Direct team of 5 cre’s in Different location for collection
in field, to manage Delinquency in Under Target Control.

Achieve Monthly Target For S.H/ A.C.M, N.C.M & all For H.O.

To Meet The entire process of C.V monthly collection Target decided by “H.O”
Through Existing client of direct /dealer point in different Area& Direct customer
interaction.

Visit in field as on requirement, To Follow up Defaulted Customer & convince
them for their loan resolution as on settlement, or Regular Emi’s for their helps on
settlement approval, & motivate Them To provide a basic technical information
To Prospective Client/Customer.

To Arrange Customer Meeting with the support of Legal Manager’s In Office’s To
Increase The Collection Volume, all product in loan after Approvals.

To Furnish The Legal Paper Formalities’ For Availing, The Legal action For most
Defaulter’s customer’s in Repo/surrender cases with the help of Sec-17, TBR For
Recovery of the finance regarding loan.

To Asst. The Customer (as on) When Required In Case Of Any Assistance.
Co-ordinate with the Call center & operational department for N.O.C after
Settlement.

Working Experience (2)

Working Experience in Connect Business Solution Ltd, As “Assistant
Manager” collection’s in North Region, UP 1, G-2, (11- 21 +) Bucket loan in
Commercial & Passenger Vehicles, Personal Car, M.H.C.V. in all Bucket in
Allahabad handling location with Kunda, Pratapgarh, Kaushambi &
Allahabad as on payroll from 18 May-2015To Dec-2019 For Tata Motor’s
Finance Ltd.

Working Experience:-(3)

> Working Experience in Shri Ram city Union Finance Ltd As Marketing
Executive in “Two Wheeler Loan” in Allahabad From (28 September-
2013 to 30 August 2014)

Working Experience:-(3)

> Experience in S.B.I. card & Payment services private Ltd, as Branch
Relationship Executive From 17 Feb-2012 to 20 April-2012, in Allahabad.


--- Page Break ---

Working Experience:-(4)

> Working Experience in” MAAVindhyavasni Associate” as a “Back Office
Executive” from 1“ august 2008 to 30" June 2011.collection Franchise of (ICICI
Bank Ltd) Allahabad.

Job responsibilities: -

> Maintain the paid file for the franchise for billing .

> Allotment of the cases related to monthly loan collection for the boys who intract
with the customers for early payments of different loans.

> Fulfill the requirement of franchise for concern matter related to the collection of
home loan, auto loan ,used car loan, personal loan, two-wheeler loan.

> Co-ordinate the bank collection department(operation) for smooth functioning of
collection.

> Awareness calling for the early payment of the different loan.

> Maintain the daily cash receipt(DCR) on the daily basis and reported to the
Manager.

> Cash deposited of the loan collection in the bank and reported to the related
product manager of ICICI and franchise both.

Working Experience:- (5)

Working Experience in ICICI Bank Ltd as a “ Sr. Customer Care Executive”
in Collection Department Allahabad.[1* Jan 2006 -31* July 2008] Allahabad.

Job responsibilities: -

Handling problems related to personnel, auto, used car, c.v. Two wheelers &
Home loans reported in customer care division & in cash transaction on a daily
basis.

Resolving customer issues related to pending EMI, Recon matter, MICR-Non
MICR matter, bouncing letters.

Dealing with demand letters like Cheque clearance, bouncing letters for
ustomers& agencies.

Fulfilling the requirements of all DSA & Agencies including (account statements
and payment of the loans.)

Imparting trainings to colleagues working with DSA (collector) who interact with
the customers for early payments of different loan.

Dealing with the cases related to recovery of two-wheeler, automobiles, used car
& commercial vehicles & coordination with COLLXN team to maintain flow

(poss).

CV V VWV

Vv WV WV


--- Page Break ---

> Receiving the PDC of Home Loan for the due-date of the cycle for further
transaction & matters related to EMI- pre-EMI.

> Ensuring smooth functioning of the Operations department for trouble shooting of
problems related to collection.

> Tackling the repo release & repo sold matters of the bank for the buyers who sold
out the vehicle in lots & other formalities for the release of vehicle in both
(release & sold case).

> Issuing the of NOC in the cases of repo sold & release.

Educational Profile: -

> B.A. from University of Allahabad in 2001.

> Intermediate in the year 1996 from commerce.

> High-school in the year 1994 from science.

> Ex material management student from I.E.R.T in year (2002)

Personal Profile: -

Date of birth - Dec/04/ 1979

Father’s name - Mr. V K Srivastava

Strength - Positive attitude & curiosity to learn

Nationality - Indian

Reference: -
(1) Mr. Kasan Sahaji (2) Anurag Saxena

Branch Manager-Collection State-Head
Magma Fincorp Ltd. Magma Fincorp Ltd.
Raebareli- (U.P.) Lucknow (U.P.)
Mob- 09335881818 Mob-9919833990

(All references and testimonials would be provided on demand)

Date: 16-11-2021 Applicant Signature
Place: Raebareli
