SANJU

PADMANABHAN

@B&Whatsappt91 9920685841 Msanju999@gmail.com
Address : 32/Orient Park, Popular Road, Near Chinmaya School, Vaduthala, Cochin, Ernakulam, Kerala 682 023.

DISTINGUISHED PROFESSIONAL -I T / FINANCIAL SERVICES

Seeking managerial role in Business Development, Back Office/Operations& Support in | T /Financial services sector

PROFILE
- Versatile Financial services professionalwith career success of over 18+ yearsin Credit Administration, Risk management,

 

Business Development, Retail Finance, Sales & Marketing, Market Expansion, Key Account Management, Customer Support
operations and Relationship Management.

- Displayed advanced professional maturity in the areas of - Account Management, Strategic Planning, P&L Management,
Relationship Development, and Client services.

- Thorough grasp on Shares and Securities Market operations, Commodities Market trading, compliance with statutory
norms, advisory services to retail & corporate, conducting financial audits and principles.

-  Fine-tuned analytical and problem solving skills, True team leader, excellent verbal and written communication skills;

Multilingual with proficiency in English, Hindi, Malayalam and Tamil.

 

CORE COMPETENCIES

Business Development ¢ Compliancee Market Exploration/Analysise MIS Reportse Relationship Building ¢ Distribution
Management ¢ Team Management ¢ Strong Interpersonal SkillseReports & Documents®Financial Services ¢ Portfolio

Management e Stock Brokinge Back Office Operations

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Poonawalla Fin Corp Limited (financial business wing of Serum Institute of India) formerly known as Magma Fin Corp Limited,

(February 2021 to Present)

State Head Customer Service & Operations

-Heading and Managing Regional operation and customer service of Kerala Sate.

-Attending Walk in customers and Telephonic queries and Grievances of Auto Business sector, Small and Medium Business Loans

and Housing Loans in TAT.

-Managing daily TAT’s in CRM and closing them timely.

-Managing cross sell in coordination with 18 Branches across the state and ensuring the Leads are generated simultaneously.

-Closing Accounts after collection of payments and issuing NOC for all the three sectors ABF, SME and HFC

-Maintaining Database of the client Tele for further business relation and cross-sell.

MetropolitanStock Exchange of IndiaLimited, MUMBAI Oct 2010 to November 2020)

Sr.Manager—Market Operations —CTCL

- Maintaining the Exchange CTCL Compliance, issuing circulars to the market as per regulator’s (SEBI) guidelines. Preparing
reports and data’s in response of the query raised by the regulator.

- Maintaining the Exchange Test Environment (UAT Set UP), Creating Test setups for members and addressing queries and
solutions.

- Conducting Demos of trading Software, Providing approvals and maintaining database, software Testing.

- | Maintaining various data’s related to CTCL, SAR Audit reports, ODIN X PLAZA& NOW Front end Software.

- Front end support to customers, telephonic interaction and query solution by taking remote access of members screen, online
solution. Conducting Mock Trading, providing support to members for trading and connectivity issues.

- Giving live Presentation and Demos of Products and its functionalities at members/clients place.

- Keeping Tracks of AMC of Members, Collecting the same through co-ordination and regular follow ups.

- Liaison with statutory & internal auditors for System audit &Technology related Audit. Reconciliation of Hardware,
Technology Billing.

MCX STOCK EXCHANGE LIMITED, MUMBAI

Assistant Manager — MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd

- Clearing & Settlement activities for Equity Cash, Equity Derivatives, Currency Market & Debt market.


--- Page Break ---

Interacting with Banks, trading members, clearing members and other market regulators’ for clearing and settlement
related activities

Payin-payout of funds and securities, Margin Monitoring.

Processing of day to day trades, computation of Obligation and MTM.

Computation of IPF and Transaction charges, FPI client processing and reporting to respective custodian.

Generation of custodian participant codes in currency and equity market

Accrued interest computation in Debt market &Preparing MIS reports.

Preparation and publishing of circulars, Corporate Action: ISIN/ Scrip name Changes and Addition.

UAT Testing and implementation of new releases.

MULTI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED, MUMBAI! Dec 2009 — Oct 2010
SeniorExecutive - Membership & Compliance Department

Interacting with the exchange members for various activities and procedures like Transfer of membership, Surrender of
Membership, New membership, Change of Name of Members & Change in designated Directors.

Maintaining various data’s related to VSAT and Leased Line maintaining data’s of Sub Brokers etc. A continuous interaction
with the members, Coordinating with Auditors for Audit related queries and providing required details.

Regularly coordinating with the FMC (market Regulator) for various documentations and several members’ related queries.

Worked in TAT System.

FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED, MUMBAI Jan 2004 - Dec 2009
Senior Executive - Marketing (2004-2007)
Compliance - Marketing (since 2008)

Managed the entire sales Back office by issuing product license to clients all over India and Abroad.

Managed Service & Sales Operations, provided services to the customers and ensure their complete satisfaction.
Coordinated with Marketing executives and various branches for their timely requirements.

Prepared and submitted regular MIS for management and other related exchanges.

Liaison with statutory & internal auditors for productLicense based audit, Managed the entire compliance process and
documentation of the company for all the major Indian Exchanges (NSE, BSE, MCX,MCX-SX,NSEL and NCDEX).

Interacted& guided the clients for documentation in the exchanges for various products.

Liaisonwith all major Exchanges namely NSE,BSE,MCX,MSEI,NCDEX,in connection with trading Circulars and documentation.
Generated the licenses for software like Odin, Match, E-Hastaksharetc for the customer base of 35,000, and keeping the track
of expiry, AMC contract renewal etc of the product.

Vijay Associates, WADHWA GROUP, MUMBAI Mar 2001 - Dec 2003
ExecutiveAccounts& Sales

Handled & maintained day-to-day accounting up to finalization of Balance Sheets after necessary adjustments, Liaising with all
relevant departments and prepared MIS report on monthly basis.Prepared Legal agreements drafts like TDR regarding
Property.

Designed & implemented systems & procedures for the preparation & maintenance of statutory books of accounts,
reconciliation statements and financial statements.

Liaison with statutory & internal auditors for audit & finalization of accounts.Dexterity in generating MIS reports on weekly
and monthly & presenting to the management.

ACADEMIA
Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration — Finance Management; 2010
Welingkar Institute of Management studies, Mumbai

Post Graduate Diploma in International Business Administration; 2008
Welingkar Institute of Management studies, Mumbai

Advanced Diploma in Business Administration; 2007
Welingkar Institute of Management studies, Mumbai

Higher Diploma in Co-operative Management; 2000
Institute of Co-Operative Management, Affiliated to NCCT New Delhi, Kannur,Kerala
Diploma in Office Automation; 1998
Government Polytechnic, Kannur
Graduate in Economics; 1997


--- Page Break ---

Payyannur College, Payyannur, Kerala, Affiliated to Calicut University
Class XII; 1994
CBSE Board, KendriyaVidyalaya, Calicut, Kerala
Class X; 1992
CBSE Board, KendriyaVidyalaya, Udhampur, Jammu & Kashmir
IT Skills
MS Dos, Windows, Word, Excel, MS-Outlook, Power Point, E - Mail, Internet &Tally 5.4

Date of Birth: 26 June, 1976; References: Available on Request
