Resume

RAWAL SINGH

1008 Vivek colony Bhagat Singh circle Sumerpur (306902)
Contact No. 7073258169
Email ID: singhrawal24@gmail.com

Carrier Objective:

An enthusiastic, energetic, flexible, innovative, and self-disciplined individual seeking opportunity to
Play.

A challenging & creative role in the field of education & for that searching a reputed & result
oriented institute with a commitment to excellence.

Personal skills:

> Always try to create innovative ideas and improve the work quality.
> Punctual

> Positive attitude

> Supportive

> Good communication skills.

Education Qualification:

RBSE, Ajmer 2013

 

Sr. Secondary RBSE, Ajmer 2015
Graduate in B. Com J.N.V.U. Jodhpur 2018
— Post-Graduation Running in M. Com J.N.V.U. Jodhpur 2022

Other Qualification:

 

> RSCIT course.
> Skill India course.

Interest and Hobbies:

> Reading News paper
> Playing Cricket


--- Page Break ---

Work Experience:

> Junior Officer in RAOPS HDFC BANK LTD (18 Jun 2017 to 06 Jan 2020). Rathi Chamber Basni
Jodhpur.

> Operation Executive in RAOPS AXIS BANK LTD (7 jan.2020 to till 07 April 2021). Jodhpur.

> Branch Operation Manager in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (formally known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.)
(8 April 2021 to till time) Sumerpur.

Job Profile:

e Pre Emi cheques presentation management.

¢ Bounce cheque management.

e Handling the customer service-related issues after loaning (solve the queries of customers, closer
of loan & taking approval. Handling the refund and waiver related issue. Providing the statement,
NOCs, and all documents of customer according to their requirement, lead generation).

e Cash counter handling and almost overall issues managing of Branch level.

e Processing or punching and dispatching the business loan, Personal loan, Auto loan, CV, CE LCV,
CD and Two-wheeler loans disbursement files with proper compliance.

¢ PDD (Updating the PDD like RC, Invoice, Insurance etc.).

e Responsible for disbursement and releasing payments.

e Responsible for preparing various MIS along with sorting out queries as per audit MIS as well.

Strengths:

> Believe in Hard work
> Friendly nature.

Personal Details:

Father Name: Shree Jethu Singh Rajpurohit

Date of birth: 11 Jun 1997

Marital status: Single

Languages Knows: Hindi & English and Regional language.
Nationality: Indian

Declaration:

| confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

(Rawal Singh)
