RAHUL K
Fs Mob: +91 9747743479; Email: rahulkundoth@gmail.com

 

r

Areas of Expertise

Cold calling

Human Capital Management
Sales Force Effectiveness
Procurement Strategy and
Execution

Telesales

Consultancy experience
Customer focus

Retail sales

Leadership and Team
Management
Organization and time
management

Personality Traits

Strategic Thinker

Change Agent

Persuasive Communicator
Patience

Education

Bachelor of Technology
(B.Tech) in Information
Technology & Engineering
Calicut University, Kerala, India

~ Tally ERP-09 Accounting

Learning Course
G- Tech Education, Kerala,
India

Seeking suitable position in

Sales and Marketing

SALES EXECUTIVE WITH A CAREER SPANNING 3+ YEARS
PROFILE HIGHLIGHTS

Dynamic professional with experience in Sales and Marketing.

Instill a shared, enthusiastic commitment to customer service as a key driver of
company goal attainment. Lead by example and ensure the execution of all
safety, security, quality operations policies.

Accountability for direction & strategic management, development of new
services & operations, revenue performance and enhancement strategies.
Expert presentation, negotiation and communication skills with keen abilities in
planning, goal setting, strategy implementation and follow-up.

An effective communicator with astute leadership skills with ability to motivate
and manage teams to meet desired results.

Aggressively identify opportunities, focus and provide tactical business solutions.

[I 2200S

Hindustan Unilever, Kozhikode- India
Sales Executive, (October 2014 to December 2015)

Chemmanur International Jewellers, Kozhikode — India
Finance Assistant, (January 2016 to June 2017)

Walgreens Cosmetics, Dubai — UAE
Sales Executive, (July 2017 to August 2018)

Cholamandalam Finance, Kozhikode — India
Deputy Officer - Sales - Retail, (November 2018 to Present)

[ RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER JOB

Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their
position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options.

Sells products by establishing contact and developing relationships with
prospects; recommending solutions.

Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, and
guidance; researching and recommending new opportunities; recommending
profit and service improvements.

Identifies product improvements or new products by remaining current on
industry trends, market activities, and competitors.

Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information.
Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.

Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

 


--- Page Break ---

 

TRAININGS/ CERTIFICATION

¢ Corporate Recruitment System
¢ Smart Lab

¢ Customer Service and Work Ethics

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

¢ Proficiency in Accounting Software’s: Tally ERP 09, QuickBooks
¢ Well knowledge in Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP, 7, 8 32/64 bit.
¢ Microsoft office: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Outlook.

¢ Internet & E-mail applications

PERSONAL INFORMATION

+ Date of Birth : 13 March, 1992

¢ Religion : Hindu

« Gender : Male

¢ Marital Status : Single

¢ Nationality : Indian

¢ Languages Known : English, Hindi, Malayalam & Tamil
« Address : Parambil Bazar, Kozhikode

¢ Mobile : +91 9747743479

aaa (es

Reference will be furnished upon request.

DECLARATION

| hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of knowledge & belief.

Date: RAHUL K

Place:
