 

RESUME

Nitin Janardhan Sasane
Mobile No >+91 7798 132 830
E mail id : 1993nitinsasane@gmail.com

Carrier Objective

Seeking a position that will offer me an opportunity for implementation of my skills
and increase level of responsibility and professional growth.

Experience Profile

| have 10 + Years of Experience in Accounting and finance sector & currently
working with Poonawalla Finance Pvt Ltd as a Assistant Manager Account.

Company of Name __ : Poonawalla Finance Pvt Ltd
Years of Services : May 2020- Current working

Company of Name _ : WheelsEMI Pvt Ltd
Years of Services : 2019- 2020

Company of Name _~ : TAB CAPITAL Ltd & Poonawalla Finance Ltd

Years of Services : 2018- 2019
Company of Name ~ : Rushabh Auto component Pvt Ltd
Years OF Services : 2014-2018

Company of Name_~ :ND Vaidya Associates
Years of service : 2012-13

Company of Name © : Kulkarni Badgujar & Company
Years of service : 2011-12

KEY SKLLS

Financial Accounting
Time Management

Petty cash management
Expenses Reconciliations
Final Accounts

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

Responsibility handled

e Net banking.

e Loan Disbursement Payment entry maker in LMS & Tally

e Operating banking base software FINONE_LMS, Tally, Microsoft NAVISON

e Checking Billing Report Before EMI Due Date for sorting NACH & Cheque
Deposition

e EMI Reminder Calling data Prepared & share to Credit department &
Operation Team

e Co-lending Accounting.

e Monthly EMI Billing Cycle Accounting Maintained in LMS & Tally

e Collection Accounting maintained in LMS & Tally

e Collection MIS reconciliation with Bank

e Co-ordinate With Operation Team regarding NACH activation Status

e Customer Part Payment pupation in LMS (Rescheduling Case)

e Form 26 As reconciled as per customer request TDS refund process

e NACH Banking file Pre & Post banking Presentation

e Co-ordinate with Customer Care department- Provide Customer all details.

e Making Nach File of EMI Per month & co ordinate with Bank.

e Bank Reconciliation, debtors reconciled.

e Quarterly TDS Return, Salary working.

e C Form Working

e GST working.

e 3B Return and GSTR-1 Monthly Return.

e Preparing the required Credit & Financial account reports

Duties and Responsibilities

e Presides over account reconciliations; makes sure all supporting documents
are in order, reviews all account entries then prepares a summary of
recommendations.

e Day to day accounts function, payments, receipts, journal voucher entries.

e Doing Tally Entries of Bank Reconciliation Statement.

e Maintenance of cash & bank books

e Monitored payment status of accounts, assisted with month end closures

e Purchase File, Invoice File, Stock Files (Vehicles & Spares)

e Vendor's reconciliation & Bank reconciliation.

e Coordinate with a client for issuance of TDS certificates.

e Coordinate with CA & Consultants for working on GST, TDS, PF, ESI

e Preparing the required Credit & Financial account reports, statement of fund
Flow.

e Leads and oversees the closing responsibilities of the accounting team;
performance of all key tasks must be done within the prescribed time-
frame.

e Periodically reviews all accounting guidelines, policies, and procedures;
introduces amendments as necessary for the purpose of improving
accuracy, risk control, and for timely reporting.

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

Performs both internal and _ external audits; provides complete,
comprehensive reporting to all company managers, officers, and directors.
Prepares Financial Statements of the company; conducts comprehensive
analysis including recommendations for streamlining costs and funding
revenue generating programs.

Bookkeeping:

Maintaining proper books of accounts and registers.

Preparing invoices to be sent to customers and clients. This includes
receiving and reconciling all invoices.

Receiving and processing all invoices, expense forms and requests for
payment from parties.

Prepares and processes purchase orders, invoices, and cheque requests.

To keep records of daily incoming and outgoing stock.

Records Maintenance:

Maintenance of current and archived financial records.

To ensure all financial data filing in register & Tally is done in a timely and
accurate manner.

Receives, stores, tags and tracks surplus spares. Keeps record of standard
inventory, cost, prices and quantity in hand.

Receives and stores documents and confidential files; maintains record of
approved document.

Maintains manual and electronic documents, files and records (e.g.
purchase orders, work requests, requisitions, etc.) for the purpose of
providing an up-to-date reference and audit trail for compliance.

Preparing daily stock report in MS Excel and reporting to top management.
Overseeing store purchase and supply operations. Facilitating entire day to
day store operations.

Maintaining various Statistical records pertaining to Stock and Purchases.
Compiles report of expenditure incurred on maintenance of commercial
vehicles.

Educational Qualification

 

 

S.No Course University/ Board Class/grade/Year

Pune University 24 Class 2017

 

Pune University 24 Class 2014

 

Maharashtra 2™d Class 2010
SSC Maharashtra 2nd Class 2008

 

 

 

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

 

Computer Exposure

Operating System : Windows XP, MS-DOS.Advance Excel, LMS
Accounting software’s : Tally 7.2 & Tally ERP 9.0,Microsoft NAVISON
Microsoft office : MS Office Excel, Word, Outlook, Power point etc.

Computer Exposure

Excellent & effective communication, analytical, writing and presentation skills.
Strategic thinking, commercial awareness and an enquiring mind.

Self-Driven, motivated and flexible

Innovative and always ‘part of solution’

 

Personal Details

Name : Nitin Janardhan Sasane

Contact No. >+91 7798 1328 30

Date of Birth : 7th January 1993

Gender : Male

Nationality : Indian

Marital Status : Married

Languages Known : Marathi, Hindi, English

Permanent Address : Sr. No 103 Jay Prakash Nagar Yerawada Pune-6

Tal. Haveli Dist. Pune
Pin. 411006

Declaration

| hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my
knowledge.

Place :Pune
Date

Nitin J. Sasane

 

 
