Curriculum Vitae

Manoj Kumar Majhi
Mobile : 7504009697/ 6371734744

E-Mail : manojmilu987@gmail.com

AREER OBJECTIVE

| want to be a part of an organization where | can use my professional knowledge and technical
skills, what | have learnt from academic career and professional experience gained during my period.

WORK EXPERIENCE —

> Working in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Cuttack as Branch Operation Officer From the period
July 2021 to till date.

> Worked in Tata Capital Financial Services Limited, Bhubaneswar as Operation Executive
From the period Nov 2018 to July 2021.

lob Responsibility: -

e Handle Loan Product(TWL, Consumer Durable, Auto loan, PL & BL) activities
e Process for Loan File NDC Check and assign query to Sales Team

e Completed Loan file process for Disbursement within TAT.

e Maintain Regular Disbursement & Cheque Handover MIS

e Responsible for Disbursement Cheque Handover

e Responsible for Audit query revert for the Disbursement Loan Files

e FPR for the Process Quality Check regarding the NDC & Disbursement

e Updated Policy & Circular Process note implementation between Team mates
e Process the NACH mandate Registration Activities

e Full time handling the Customer care activities

e Balances cash drawer by counting cash at beginning and end of work shift
e Deal with returns and refunds as necessary.

e Collect cash, cheques payments from customers.

e Resolves customer issues and answers question


--- Page Break ---

 

> Worked in Vision Care Eye Hospital, Bhubaneswar as Accounts Executive From the period of
April 2018 to Oct 2018

lob B bility: -

e Maintaining Excel Sheet of Customer Details.
e No error in cash reconciliation.
e Daily basis report to my senior.
e Manually record documentation
e Physical Bill checking
e Maintenance of Files and Records.
T AL QUALIFICATION
e Completed Matriculation from Board of Secondary Education, Odisha. (2012)
e Completed +2 (SCIENCE) from Council of Higher Secondary Education, Odisha (2014) —

e Completed_B.com from Utkal University, Odisha (2018).

e Completed SMART PGDCA course from Gyanashree Institute of | & T, Odisha. (2018)

e Completed Tally.ERP 9 course from Odisha Computer Application Centre, Odisha (2018)
e Continue MBA(DISTANCE) from DDCE, Utkal university, Odisha.

STRENGTH

e Good Accuracy and attention to details.

e Strong analytical and problem solving skills
e Ability to work in pressure situations.

e Ability to work in a team.

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

e MS Word, Excel, MS Power Point, Tally.ERP-9, GST
e Internet proficiency.
e Email communication

HOBBIES

e Playing Cricket
e Travelling to historical place.
e Making new friends.


--- Page Break ---

PERSONAL PROFILE

>» Date of birth : 27/02/1997
> Father's Name : Late Vasudev Majhi
>» Mothers name : Annapurna Majhi
> Gender : Male
> Marital statu. : Single
> Nationality : Indian
> Religion : Hindu
> Languages known : English, Hindi, & Odia
> Communication Address : Plot No-269,Sikharchandi Nagar
Near Patia Big Bazar, Bhubaneswar
Pin-751024
DECLARATION
| hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and
belief, and | bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
° ‘ 4
Date: Mano) ternan MoU
Place: (Manoj Kumar Majhi)
