Santosh Dinkar Sankpal

Monal Park,B-17,Gadital, Hadapsar,Pune-411028

Email Id : santoshsankpall@gmail.com
Contact No : 9552679407

Languages —_: Hindi, English, and Marathi.

Hobbies : Traveling, Music,.
DOB : 11» November 1977
Marital Status: Married
Education : Bsc (Chemistry)
Pune University
: Hsc Maharashtra Board
: SSC Maharashtra Board

Objective: 4 job opportunity, which inspires to develop a creative talent & enhance my complete
personality. I am looking towards an opportunity in which I can utilize & develop my experience,
creativity; contributing effectively to the success of the organization.

Professional Work Experience:

Hands-On experience on software used in Collection, Recovery sector Oracle,POC,
CLARIFY & BILLING, SIMPLIFY & APPLICATIONS.

HDB FINANCIAL SERVICES.

Collection Manager ( Lap Collection )

1 March 2021 To till date

Job Responsibilities
Handling Portfolio of loan against property collection Loan of pune.
Frontline activity includes Handling Team of Field Executives for customer base of Demand _ to write off
Bucket Collections.
Review of sarfaesi case with legal team. Notice pasting sec 13 (2) Notices.
Visiting Deliquent cases with Business team.
Supervising & review daily legal activity sec 138 requisitions & arbitration requisition.


--- Page Break ---

HDEFC BANK LTD.

Deputy Manager (Tractor and Agri Collections )

1 March 2018 To 14 Jan 2021

Job Responsibilities
Handling Portfolio of Tractor and Agriculture Loan of pune.
Frontline activity includes Handling Team of Field Executives for customer base of Demand _to write off
Bucket Collections.
Responsible for All Bkt collections of Baramati, Daund and Haveli Taluka.Pune District.
Managing complete Demand Bucket (X Bkt) bucket in terms of maximum collection resolve More than 90%
and Reduction in 90+ Bucket .
Write of Collection 5% Tractor Suite.
Visiting Agri crop collection with Business team.
Supervising & review daily legal activity sec 138 requisitions & arbitration requisition.
Attending court hearing dates. in arbitration cases EP file case .EP notices serve though belief to hirer &
Grantor. With help legal advocate team.
Tracing fraud and absconding cases with the help various means & network.
Training of Feet on Street on regular basis on new collection policies and process on a routine basis.
Implementing incentive schemes for good Collection DRA on routine basis to motivate and improve coll.
Tracing & Repo activity done through repo agencies and bill processing.

MAGMA FINCORP LTD.

 

Deputy Manager (91-730 + Bkt Collections )

2014 To 24 Feb 2018

Magma possesses a diversified product portfolio: loans for cars and utility vehicles, commercial
vehicles, construction equipment, tractors, used vehicles.

Job Responsibilities
Frontline activity includes Handling Team of Field Executives for customer base of 91-730 Bucket
Collections. Visiting Hirer & Guarantor address, Asset tracing with fos.
Responsible for 91-730 Bkt collections of entire (Pune ,Kolhapur,Satara & Sangli) .
Managing complete NPA bucket in terms of maximum collection roll back 15% and Roll Forward in 91-120
Bkt 20 % RF. & 70 % Nill collection target and 5% in 180 + Bkt.
Supervising & review daily legal activity sec 138 requisitions & arbitration requisition.
Attending court hearing dates. in arbitration cases EP file case .EP notices serve though belief to hirer &
Grantor. With help legal advocate team.
Tracing fraud and absconding cases with the help various means & network.
Training of Feet on Street on regular basis on new collection policies and process on a routine basis.
Implementing incentive schemes for good Collection DRA on routine basis to motivate and improve coll.
Generating and preparing all reports regarding Collections, and other reports required by Head office on daily,
weekly and monthly basis.
Tracing & Repo activity done through repo agencies bill processing.


--- Page Break ---

SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE COMPANY LTD.

Asst manager (Recovery 1 & Shriram Automall)

Sep 2010 To July 2014

Job Responsibilities -

Frontline activity includes customer visit for Case resolution & for processing legal and repo activities
for chronic defaulters.

Responsible for recovery collections (DPD 180+) for pune branch .

Collection process help of legal activity & Advocates in co-ordination with Zonal Head.

Supervising cases that need Legal Counsel and responsible for the closure by the means of Sec 138,
Lokadalat,Concilatioin etc.

Tracing asset and repo activity Nrtp Customers and absconding cases with the help various means &
network.

Managing proper track of daily cash and chq collections from executives and reconciliation of receipt
books in co-ordination with backend.

Co-ordination with the Customer Care, Billing Department. Network Team and the other Department
To resolve the issue.

Maintain MIS of Agency Performance Daily Collection Reports & Targets.

In 2014 company gave additional charges shriram auto mall Solapur selling CV, CE & Car products.
Conducting the auctions to sell the vehicle.

FULLERTON INDIA COMPANY PVT LTD

 

Collection Officer (Personal Loan & two wheeler loan )

Sept 2008 To Aug 2010

Fullerton india is one of India's leading non banking and financial services groups, offering a
wide range of financial services.

Job Responsibilities —

e Frontline activity includes customer visit for Case resolution collection in pune area.

Responsible for NPA Collections of entire Hadapsar area east pune area through In-house

Managing complete NPA bucket in terms of maximum collection roll back and nill collection
target.

Responsible for collections through In-house team &Repo two wheeler by Agency operation
Supervising cases that need Legal case sending demand notices &,Lokadalat,Concilatioin etc.
Tracing fraud and absconding cases with the help various means & network.

Managing proper track of daily cash and chq collections from collections agencies and
reconciliation of

Training regular basis on new collection policies and process on a routine basis.
Making capacity utilisation of fos and plan and tracking efficiency of fos.
Proposing and implementing incentive schemes for agency and Collection on routine basis.

Generating and preparing all reports regarding Collections, and other reports required by Head
office on

e Updating Credit and sales on negative area, bad sourcing and also suggesting for fresh sourcing


--- Page Break ---

Atlas Documentary faciliators company pvt ltd (For HDFC BANK LTD

Pune.)

Collection officer (Credit card Collections)

Oct 2007 To Aug 2008

Job Responsibilities -

e Handling Collection write off Bkt . Portfolio of Amravati & some part of Pune City & PCMC.

e Collection through tele calling of Amravati customers

e Visit to Pune based defaulter’s residence and office address for recoveries and collections.

e Find out fraud and absconding cases with the help of good network.

e Take feedback regarding any address change, service issue/disputes, Settlements etc of the customers.

Ajinkya Consultants Ind pvt Ltd., (For Reliance Communications Ltd.
Pune.)

Team Leader.

Feb 2004 to Aug 2007

Total 12 Field Executives.

Have been responsible for all collection activities for the I-fos team in Pune city area.

Maintained all the given targets by the parent organization.

Distribute area wise outstanding list among collections executives.

Visiting cases to cover targets shortfall by resolving disputes with the help of parent organization.
Visiting to Non paying customer’s residence and office for collections.

Daily deposition of collected cash and cheque in the company.

Personal Profile:

Ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team.

Leadership skills involving managing, developing and motivating teams to achieve their
objectives.

Good analytical and problem solving skills.

Dedicated to maintaining high quality standards.

Academic Qualifications:

Education : BSc (Chemistry)
University : Pune University.

Computer Proficiency

Basic Computer Applications, Knowledge of Excel & Completed basic Course Of Web designing.
