Vinay Kamble.

OBJECTIVE: -

Seeking an innovative & challenging career in a professionally managed & dynamic
organization. With opportunities for development in order to contribute with dedication &
determination towards the organization.

ABILITIES: -
e Strong customer services focus.
e Ability to interact with wide range of people.
e Wish to take new challenges.

QUALIFICATION: -

e §.S.C from Pune Board in 2005.
e H.S.C from Mumbai Board in 2008.
e B.Com from Mats University in 2015

Employment Graph: -

¢ Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
Assistant Manager (Contact Center) Sep 2021 till Date

¢ Altruist Technologies Solutions Pvt.
(Channel Partner for Bajaj Finance Ltd)
Team Leader (Outbound Sales) from October 2019 till July 2021

¢ Aryan Imaging and Business Consultant Pvt Ltd.
(Channel Partner for Vodafone cellular Itd)
Team Leader (Customer Service) from September 2013 till April 2019

¢ Vkvins Consultancy Itd.
(Channel Partner for Vodafone cellular Itd)
CSE from Dec 2011 to August 2013

Key Responsibilities: -

As a Assistant Manager (Contact Center)


--- Page Break ---

e Manage the daily running of the call centre, including sourcing equipment, effective
resource planning and applying call centre strategies and operations

e Working very closely with the employees on new assignments for the department
and coaching and training them on new information whenever needed.

e Works closely with the Call Center Manager and manages a Supervisory teams

e Manage staff by assessing needs and workflow, developing and training staff,
answering questions, assisting with issues, and informing staff of system and related
changes

e Review the performance of staff, identify training needs and plan training sessions

e Monitor random calls to improve quality, minimise errors and track operative
performance.

e Organise shift patterns and the number of staff required to meet demand

e Coach, motivate and retain staff

e Sharing Daily,Weekly & Reports

e Additionally Taking care of QRG(Query Resolution Group) ,E-NACH Activation for
Existing Customers & Welcome Calling Process (Cross Sell)

As a Team Leader (Outbound Sales)

e Looking for the Performance of Agents.

e Co-ordination with the Asst. Manager’s & Manager.

e Reporting to the Manager with Operation & Agents Performance on Daily, Weekly &
Monthly Basis.

e Taking Team Meetings on Previous & Current performance to meet KPIs

e Sharing EWS tracker with HR Team to maintain less attrition 9. Allocation of data
according to associate’s skillset and tenure

e Sharing Agent performance report on daily basis.
e Sharing Two hourly stats with the agents to make sure targets are achieved by EOD.

As a Team Leader (Customer Service)

e Managing Prepaid /DND Team & ensuring resolution of complaints within TAT.

e Co -ordination with respective stake holders for resolution of Complaints handled by
respective End Users if any escalations to ensure closure within 8 hours.

e Educating and conducting Training for front-end on quality of Tags raised and errors
done in same for reduction of wrong tags and improvement of FTR at front-end.

e Reduction of Repeat complaints by providing proper resolution at the first instance
(FCR).

e Analyzing monthly data. Preparing daily, weekly and monthly reports.

e Improve TNPS scores & Reduce repeat complaint % by analyzing the trend.

e Resolving customer problems by Coordinating with different departments at the
backend.


--- Page Break ---

e Responsible to handle DND complaint SR and Incoming Complaints from Other
Operator through TRAI
e Sales Support for RSM/ASM

ACHIVEMENTS: -
e Awarded in RNR for star performance of Team leader.

- Awarded Catalyst Award for Consistent positive behaviors and competencies

PERSONAL DETAILS:-

Name. : Vinay Kamble

DOB. : 30th Nov 1987

Gender. : Male

Nationality. : Indian

Permanent Address. : Flat No-B201 Sai Nisarg Sapphire,

Udyog Nagar,Chinchwad,Pune,411033

E-mail Id. : Kamblevinay2930@qmail.com
Contact No. : +91 9765477811

Hobbies. : Listening to Music, Watching Movies
Languages known : Marathi, English, Hindi

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my

knowledge and belief.

(Vinay Kamble)
