 

SHINU VS
Mobile no: 9961988236

MailID : shinusivan@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: To pursue a challenging and remarkable position in Financial and Banking
industry, where my experience and skills will have necessary applications, through which the
organization and I can grow at a quicker pace with innovative ideas and strong marketing
strategy.

ABOUT MYSELF

A self motivated person with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong
analytical problem resolving & organizational abilities. Posses a flexible and detail oriented
attitude. A driven leader with a proven ability to hire, manage and drive sales teams towards
fresh revenue growth.

QUALIFICATION SUMMARY: B.A graduate with over 18 years of Recovery experience in Auto
Loans & Mortgage Loans

Current Position: working as Team Leader (Deputy Manager) - From 2"! December 2021
onwards working as Team Leader (Product -Vehicle loan) at POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD.

KEY SKILLS
> Recovery in hardcore NPA accounts
Well versed legal aspects of loan recovery
Good customer management skills
Good negotiations skills
Hand on experience in vehicle repossession
Initiating SARFAESI act with the help of Legal Dept.
No reluctance for extensive travelling for official purpose
Hard working nature and flexible.
Ability to grasp things fast and a quick learner.
Good in building team and at people management skills.

Determination to face and take up challenges.

VV VV VV VV VV WV

Collaboration and Coordination


--- Page Break ---

WORK EXPERIENCES:
> 2021 Dec 2™ to present :- poonawalla Fincorp Ltd- Vyttila

Designation : Team Leader(Deputy Manager) collections (31-90)- Ernakulam and
Alappuzha

> 2004 July to November 5 2021:-Manappuram Asset Finance Ltd (Manappuram
Group) Valapad -Thrissur.

Designation: Sales and Recovery Head (Chief Manager) Vehicle Loan - Kerala and Tamilnadu.

Major Responsibilities
e Developing Standard Operating procedures for business in vehicle loan segment

e Heading the Mortgage loan and Vehicle loan Team ( Sales & Recovery)
e Looking after the Mortgage loan and Vehicle loan recovery.

e Personal Follow up on highly delinquent NPA Accounts

e Field Visit for Critical Accounts.

e Reducing Hard core accounts and Concentrating on Soft Buckets.

e Coordinating Customer Related Issues

e Coordinating vehicle repossession and vehicle auction

Educational Qualification:

B.A -MG UNIVERSITY (Year of Passing : April 2004)

PERSONAL DETAILS :

Name : Shinu V.S

Fathers Name : Sivan VA

Date of Birth : 09-05-1984

Religion : Hindu

Marital Status : Married.

Permanent Address : Venalakudy House, Avanamcode , Chowara PO

Pin-683571, Aluva, Eranakulam, Kerala

Languages known : English, Malayalam and Tamil.


--- Page Break ---

REFERENCES:

1. Mr.Unnikrishnan K S (Company secretary), Manappuram Asset Finance Ltd.,
Mobile No: 9895598620

2. Satyaraj - AGM Recovery, Manappuram Asset Finance Ltd, Mobile No: 9037819327

3. Jibin- Team Leader(90+) , poonawalla Fincorp Ltd, Phn: 6282243047

Place: Ernakulam Shinu V.S
Date : 28-08-2022
