 

RESUME

Mr. Pravin J. Gundeti E-Mail: gundetipravin@ gmail.com
Contact No: 9970075507

Current Address: Flat No 605, G Wing, Sukhwani Palms,
Nagar Pune Road, Wagholi, Pune — 412207

 

Carrier Objective:
Seeking a position with a dynamic organization where I can learn as well as contribute to the
growth of the organization with my skills.

Work Experience:

Organization: JM Financial Home Loans Ltd
Designation: Sr. Branch Operations Manager (Manager) (EIL / LAP / HL)
Duration : Dec 2017 to Till Date.

J ob Responsibility:

e Handing the branch activity like operation department, customer services,
Collection related activity etc.

e Checking files with complete documentation which is logged in OPS for
Disbursement & communicating Disbursal files & docket queries to the
respective sales executive or sales manager.

e Once all queries get resolve then raised the disbursement through mail & system
to HO Ops & Coordinate with team for file Disbursement

e Disbursing the files using MiFin system.

e Handling disbursal cheque printing at branch level.

e Handing over Disbursal cheques to customers after the cross checking with PDD
& OTC documents completion.

e Tracking OTC & PDD documents as well as Disbursement cheques handover
pending cases.

e After the post disbursement creating Cersai charge on mortgaged properties for
all disbursed cases.

e creating NOI charge (Online NOJ) on mortgaged properties for all disbursed
cases.

e Post disbursement preparing disbursed files, Docket & Original papers for
storage to HO.

e Handling Disbursement MIS, PDD, OTC and monthly MIS.

e Handling customer issues & solving their queries at branch level.

e Reporting to HO Ops regarding financial reports & branch status on daily basis.

Organization: DHFL Ltd
Designation: Sr. Operation Executive (LAP / SME / HL)
Duration : Nov 2015 to Dec 2017

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

J ob Responsibility:

Checking files with complete & relevant documentation which is logged in OPS
for Disbursement.

Communicating Disbursal files related all queries to the respective sales
executive or sales manager.

Raising queries, discrepancies and updating them in the system accordingly.
Once the queries raised to respective sales executive or sales manager then files
send for cheque preparation through system.

Coordinating with HO & Axis Bank team for Disbursement cheques

After the queries solved, again cross checks query and discrepancies.
Disbursing the files using Synergy system.

Handing over Disbursal cheques to customers cross checking with PDD & OTC
(OTC Approval) documents.

Tracking OTC & PDD documents as well as Disbursement cheques handover
pending cases.

After the cheque handover doing DMS & Cersai entries of all files.

Preparing Disbursed files & Docket for storage to HO.

Handling Concurrent, Statuary & Internal HO Audit.

Checking PDD, OTC documents using with Legal report & also checking
Technical report.

As per customer request dowsing the loan amount with complete documentation.
Handling Disbursement MIS, PDD, OTC and monthly MIS.

Handling customer issues & solving their queries.

Organization: Religare Finvest Ltd.
Designation: Credit Operation Executive (LAP / CF / SME)
Duration : March 2014 to Nov 2015

J ob Responsibility:

Checking files with complete & relevant documentation.

Raising queries, discrepancies and updating them in the system accordingly.
Communicating Disbursal files related all queries to the respective sales person
or sales manager.

After the queries solved, again cross checks query and discrepancies.

Disburse the file using finnone & finacle systems.

After the Disbursement dispatch disbursal files to HO

Checking PDD, OTC documents using with Legal report, & also check Technical
report.

Preparing Disbursed files & Docket for sending storage to HO

Tracking OTC & PDD documents as well as Disbursement cheques handover
pending cases.

Handling daily and monthly MIS.

Handling customer issues & solving their queries.

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

e Reporting to Ops Manager regarding financial reports status on weekly and
monthly basis.

Organization: Axis Bank Ltd.
Designation: Sr. Operation Executive (Home Loan)
Duration : May 2012 to June 2013

J ob Responsibility:

e Preparing LTV sheets as per provided documentation.

e Checking files for complete relevant documentation & also using with Sanction
letter.

e Raising queries, discrepancies and updating them in the system accordingly.

e After the queries solved again cross check queries and discrepancies.

e Preparing Post Sanction Docket for disbursements and sending to operations for
final payment.

e Checking Legal & Technical report.

e Handling daily and monthly MIS.

Educational Qualification;

Examination Board/University Passing year : % Marks

  

B.Com. __..Pune University 2009 3.91
HSC PuneBoad 2006 6.00
SSC PuneBoard 2004 0346

   

__ MBA (Finance)

 

Personal Details:

Name : Mr.Pravin Janardan Gundeti

DOB : 2284 May1988

Marital status : Married

Languages : English, Hindi, Marathi, Telgu

Hobbies : Listening music, playing computer games and Cricket

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above information’s provided are true to best of my knowledge
and belief.

Date: Pravin J. Gundeti

 

 
