S. RAJASEKAR Mobile: +91 8919405337
E-mail: sindhuluri@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW

 

 

M.Com, MBA, LL.B., with over 17 years of rich experience in Receivables Management.

Currently Heading Collections in HOMAN SPHERE (OPC) PRIVATE LIMITED, a Company providing
Collection Agency Services.

Proficient in implementing systems and procedures with proven ability to achieve financial discipline &
achieve profitability.

Team based management style with abilities in creating a conducive environment.
Experience Snapshot:

Hands — on experience of all Product lines — CV, CE, Car, HL,SME, Agri and Strategic Business,

Handled entire range of delinquency levels - From ZERO Bucket to 730+ and Repo Sale Loss

Recovery, managed Bucket wise Efficiency and Roll Rates.

Experience in Telecalling Operations and Front End Collections.

Experienced in B2C and B2B domains,

Proficient in process implementation and Effectiveness achievement.

Proficient in follow-up of legal cases u/s 138, and initiation of Arbitration proceedings for

appointment of Receivers, Filing EPs, and obtaining Garnishee orders.

e Hands on experience in Execution of Arbitration Awards and Execution of Warrants pertaining to NI
Act.

e Experienced in Property Attachment through SARFAESI.

Specialized experience in Key Accounts Management ( Strategic Accounts).

EXPERIENCE

 

 

Since April 2019

Head - Collections at HUMAN SPHERE (OPC) PRIVATE LIMITED

Responsible for the management of Clients' Loan Portfolios.

Ensuring the clients’ Loan portfolios are performing,

Seamless customers interaction and visits - activity monitoring,

360 degrees feedback on accounts - Timely Portfolio feedback, which enables Clients review/
device the funding strategies.

100% legal compliance, utmost importance to client’s reputation,

Adherence to Fair Practices Code prescribed by RBI and compliance to clients’ Fair Practice Codes.
Confidentiality of clients’ data and Data Security,

Association with experienced Law Practitioners to strengthen Legal Recovery, Case and Suit filing,
and Executions.


--- Page Break ---

July’07 - March’19 - Magma Fincorp Limited:

Regional Head — Collections — Responsible for Implementation of Collection Process, in terms of

Capacity Utilisation,

Continuous team training on Input Processes, IT tools utilization,

Monitoring Process Adherence,

Bucket wise Efficiency, Roll Rates management,

Evaluating Training needs, training delivery and implementation in field,

Managing Tele-calling and Front End Collections.

Collection and Repossession Vendor Management,

Initiation of Legal actions under Arbitration and NI Acts, follow up with peers for Stage

progress, follow up for Interim Relief, as the case may be,

e Execution of Arbitration Awards, follow up with both internal and external legal teams for
Stage progress.

e Execution of Warrants / Proclamations for NI Act cases,

e Achievement of Effective parameters ( output ).

Aug’04 — July’07 - ICICI Bank Limited:
Territory Manager — Collections, Tirupathi (Retail Assets Group)

Responsibilities:

Managing CCP (Customer Contact Process) activity (Field Investigations) for restricting risky profiles
entering the Bank’s Loan Portfolio,

Managing Delinquent Accounts by allocating them to Collection/Possession Agencies,
Appointed effective Legal Agencies to ensure timely initiation of legal cases,
Effectively handled acquired portfolio.

Handled Multi-products ( TW, CAR, CV, CE, Strategic CV, Used CV and Car, PL, Professional
and Medical Equipment ) and ALL Buckets.

ACADEMIA

 

 

M.Com from Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh - 1996.

MBA (Marketing & Finance) from The School of Business Management, Sr Venkateswara
University, Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh - 1998.

LL.B., from Osmania University, Hyderabad — 2018.

 

 

PERSONAL VITAE
Date of Birth 15 June, 1974
Address : DV162, Road No.5,
Dream Valley Colony,
Mallampet, Hyderabad - 500090,
Telangana, India.
Languages Known: English, French (basic), Arabic (basic), Hindi, Telugu, Tamil and

Kannada.
