Curriculum Vitae

Rakesh Kumar Bagoria

S/o Mr. Suresh Bagoria

VPO. - Bajawa Rawatka, Via - Bragaon,
Jhunjhunu (Raj.) 333021

Mob. : 095888-68539

Approx 8 years’ experience in Finance & Marketing. A verified record
of expending growth in profit in competitive market

* CORE STRENGTHS:

New Product/Service Launch
Strategic market analysis/Business Plan
Start up and new business development
. High level presentation & public speaking .
* — PROFESSIONAL EMPLOYMENT:

A) Working with Poonawalla fincorp Itd. As a Collection
manager, Jhunjhunu, Ganganagar & Hanumangarah,. From Jan 22
to till date.

Job profile: -
e Responsible for handling the collection portfolio.
e Allocate the cases to executives according to their field
area for collection.
e Coordination with executives for collection.
e Monitoring the executive's collection activity.

B)Worked with Kogta financial india Itd. As a Branch manager,

Neem ka thana, Sikar. From Aug 2019 to Dec-21.

Job profile: -
e Responsible for handling the sales & collection portfolio.


--- Page Break ---

e Allocate channels to executives according to their field
area for sales.

e Coordination with channels partners for sales increase.

e Coordination with executives for sales from existing
customers.

e Monitoring the executive's sales & collection activity.

C)Worked with Magma Fincorp Itd. As an Area manager, Shahpura
Sikar, Ganganagar & WHanumangarah. From Oct, 2016 to
Aug-2019
Job profile: -

e Responsible for handling the sales & collection portfolio.
e Allocate channels to executives according to their field
area for sales.

Coordination with channels partners for sales increase.

Coordination with executives for sales from existing

customers.

e Monitoring the executive's sales & collection activity.

e Monitoring the PTP/leads who given by Call Center to
executive.

e Preparing MIS Daily basis of sales & collection/field visits
and share the performance report with team and seniors.

D) Worked with TATA Business support services Itd. As a
Team leader, Sriganganagar. From Jun, 2014 to Oct-16.
Job profile: -
e Responsible for handling collection of X bucket.
e Allocate cases to executive according to their field area.
e Coordination with executives for collects the executive of
existing customers.


--- Page Break ---

e Monitoring the Cases who allocated to my allocation and
executive activity.

e Monitoring the PTP who given by Call Center to executive.

e Preparing MIS Daily basis of Collection/field visits, PTP
and performance report and send to right authority.

e Making DCR and field review report on Daily basis.

* PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:
I am an active, fast leaner and person born for Marketing,
Optimist and undoubtedly Smart worker with cohesive team
working capability,
I Love challenges and Trust in God.
* ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:
B.A. from Rajasthan University, Jaipur.
Senior Secondary from Board of Secondary Education,
Rajasthan.
Secondary from Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan.

* COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:
¢ Window 95, 98, 2000, XP and commanding on excel
e Internet tools.
e Basic Concepts of Tally.

* PERSONAL PARTICULARS:

Name Rakesh Kumar Bagoria

Father's Name ; Mr. Suresh Kumar Bagoria

Date of Birth ; 25th July, 1980

Sex ; Male

Marital Status ; Married

Postal Address VPO - Bajawa Rawatka, uia -

Bragaon,
Jhunjhunu (Raj.)


--- Page Break ---

Contact Nos. Mob. 095888-68539
Nationality ; Indian
Language Known English, Hindi & Regional

I do hereby declare that the contents of my above C.V. are
correct to the best of my knowledge, and nothing has been concealed
therein.

i (6 (c\
Date: wee (Rakesh Bagoria)
