 

Curriculum Vitae

Devesh Sahrma

D-83, Ranjeet Nagar, Bharatpur (Raj.)
Contact No. 7014960010 (M) 9602888899
E-mail:deveshsharma2020@gmail.com

Strength:

e Good leadership skills, able to manage team and Strategic planning for allocate work.
e Willing to travel extensively in working areas.

e Easily adjust with the changing environment and punctual.

Academic Qualification:
e Graduation from University of Rajasthan in 2010.

Technical Qualification: -

e 6 Month Basic computer certificate courses from Lupin skill training center.

Professionals experience:
e 12 Years 08 months in Collections of various loan in NBFCs.

Working experience:

1. Deputy Manager (Collection) in Poonawala Fincorp limited From 20 Jan 2022 to till date Job Role:
Manage the 08 person team in Bharatpur, Dholpur & Karauli District of Rajasthan, Ensure to deposit the
pending loan of soft bucket (0-30 Days), Ensure the daily , Weekly & monthly progress and mon from
team members. Share the new policy and updates with the team. Visit the willful defaulters and
suggested to deposit the pending loan. Achieve the monthly targets as per job roles. Prepare the monthly
progress report.

2. Area Collection Manager (Farm Equipment’s) in L&T Finance from 04 May 2020 to 19 Jan 22 Job
Role: Manage the 7 person team in Jodhpur area (Jodhpur, Barmer, Sumerpur, Nagaur, District) of
Rajasthan, Ensure the daily and monthly task from team members. Share the new policy and updates
with the team. Visit the willful defaulters and suggested to deposit the tractor loan. Settled the bed debts
accounts. Achieve the monthly targets as per job roles. Prepare the monthly progress report.
3. Territory Manager- Collection (Tractor) in TVS Credit Services Ltd in Jaipur from 11 Oct 2018 to
02 May 2020.
Job Role: Manage the 14-person team, in 4 District of Rajasthan, Ensure the daily and monthly task
from team members. Share the new policy and updates with the team. Visit the willful defaulters and
suggested to deposit the tractor loan. Settled the bed debts accounts. Achieve the monthly targets as per

job roles. Prepare the monthly progress report.

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

4, Junior manager-Collection (TRACTOR) in Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company
Limited in Bharatpur from 01 July 2016 to 8 Oct 2018.
Job Role: Monitoring of 6 persons team, Deliver the new schemes to downward team and reporting the
daily progress to senior team. 60 to 70 percent filed visit. Collection the cash from willful defaulter in
working areas. Settlement of loan from defaulter customer. Prepare the monthly progress report.

5. Senior Field Officer in Magma Fincorp Limited in Bharatpur from 01 July 2014 to 30 June 2016.
Job Role: Cash collection of commercial vehicle, Car and tractor loan from the customer. Deposit the
cash in banks/ branch office on daily basis. Complete the monthly target as per monthly meeting. Prepare
the monthly progress report. Cross selling from existing customer.

6. Collection Executive in Cholamandalam Investment & Finance Company Limited in Dausa from
10June 2012 to 30 June 2014.
Job Role: Cash collection of commercial vehicle, Car and tractor loan from the customer. Deposit the
cash in banks/ branch office on daily basis. Complete the monthly target as per monthly meeting. Prepare

the monthly progress report.

Personal information

Date of Birth : 26 Oct 1985

Gender : Male

Father name : Gopal Sharma

Mother tongue : Hindi

Nationality : Indian Marital

Status : Married

Languages : Hindi, English

Hobby : Travelling and purchasing
Declaration

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above aretrue, correct and
complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

PLACE:

DATE: Devesh Sharma

 

 
