Curriculum Vitae

BHAVESH B. DARJI

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE Practicing As an Advocate on Criminal &

Civil Side since 2014. Vast Experience of Different Types of Criminal
Cases Relating. N.I. Act 138, Cheating, Etc., Falling Under Indian
Penal Code. Also Having an Experience in Civil ature Matter i.e.
Summary Suits, Recovery Suits & Arbitration Procedure, Etc. Also
having Good Knowledge in matter of Recovery of loan from Defaulters.
Having knowledge of legal aspects in respect of Granting Loans,
Issuing Title Clearance Certificate, and Verification of Documents Etc.
Good knowledge of consumer cases also.

 

EXPERIENCE

(1) 1 Years Experience as an Advocate_on Criminal Side at
Ahmedabad District, Sessions Court.

(2) Working as a legal officer with AU financiers July 2015 to
November 2016.

(3) Working as a Deputy Manager (Legal Department)-PPD With
Indusind Bank December 2016 to august 2017.

(4) Working as Deputy Manager(Legal Department) with Fortune
Integrated Assets Finance Limited august 2017 to march 2021

(5) Working as a Legal Manager with Edelweiss Finance Limited April
2021 to dec 2022.

(6) Working as a Legal Manager with Poonawalla fincorp Itd February
2022 to continue

Present description
Presently I am working with Poonawalla fincorp Limited as a legal Manager at

Ahmedabad.

e To arrange to collect and serve/execute the notice/ Immoveable & moveable
warrants issued by the court against customers/ guarantor against whom
company has filed Execution Petition cases & sec-138.


--- Page Break ---

To handle sarfesi in Ahmadabad & north Gujarat location.

Good relation with court bailiff and clerk for issuing notice and execute
warrants.

I had a very huge experience in the terms of settlement of dispute amount
outside the court with parties & company.

Also having very strong market awareness due to past experience hence

mainly claim (dispute) was settled out side of the court & matter will be close
as soon as possible.

To visit the branches for legal cases & for any emergency requirement as and
when necessary

To visit police station to handle the problems faced by the branches /
Employees while executing day to day work.

To attend the courts.
To arrange to collect and serve/execute the summons/warrants issued by the
court against customers/ accused against whom company has filed criminal

cases.

To recover Bad Debts & recovery in disposal shortfall contracts through legal
notice & proceedings.

To guide the Branches in respect of legal compliance Based on the legal
requirements.

To File Execution Petition at Local District Court.

COMPNAY OVERVIEW

Poonawalla fincorp Limited is one of the largest Finance providing Loans for
Business Loans, housing loan, and various type of other loan all over Gujarat and
certain state of India.

 

GRADUATION
Degree University Year Class
B.A Gujarat University Ahmadabad 2009 Second

T.Y.LL.B.

Gujarat university at Ahmedabad 2012 Second


--- Page Break ---

SECONDARY
EDUCATION

 

Certificate Board Year Class
HLS.C. G.S.E.B. 2005 Second
S.S.C. G.S.E.B. 2003 Second
PERSONAL
INFORMATION
Name BHAVESH BABUBHAI DARJI
Address C-3 snehdeep apartment near umiya hall Ghatlodiya

Dist-Ahmedabad
City and Pin code Ahmedabad 380061
State (Country) Gujarat (India)
Mobile (M) 9913264608.
E-mail Bhaveshdarji70@gmail.com
Date of Birth 20 august 1988
Sex Male
Linguistic Pursuits English, Hindi, Gujarati
Nationality Indian
Marital Status Married

I hereby declare that information given above is true to the best of my
knowledge and belief.

BHAVESH B. DARJI
