Sourabh Nargude

Mail Id: souryn007@gmail.com

Contact No.: 9970884737

Permanent Address: Sarkar Vadyya Javal at post Yadrav Tel Shirol Dis Kolhapur 416146

Present Address: room no 302 3" floor Mauli Krupa building Ramchandra Nagar lane no. 1 Khandve nagar pune
Maharashtra - 411014

Summary:

Have an experience of 38 months in support. Proven ability to enhance productivity and increase efficiency. Have
an expertise in handling calls, managing data to convert a lead into sales.

Professional Experience:

Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune (April’22 - Till the date)

Sr. Executive — Digital sales

e Taking Inbound calls to find qualified leads in the market.

e Follow up on each and every customer seeking for loan, engage in intelligent conversations with these
inquiries and get them and also taking documents through mail.

e Update record in database with call activities and generate alternate contacts.

e Resolving concerns related to the loan.

Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company, Pune (March'21-April’22)
Chief Customer Relationship Manger (CCRM)

e Making outbound call and inbound calls to find qualified leads.

e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries.

e = engage in intelligent conversations with these till policy issuance.
e Offering best of product as per customers need.

Poonawalla Finance Limited, Pune (March'20-March’21)
Customer Care Executive (CCE)

e Making outbound calls to find qualified leads in the market.

e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries, engage in intelligent conversations with these inquiries and
get them and taking documents through mail.

e Update prospect database with call activities and generate alternate contacts.

e Handling the customers concerns.


--- Page Break ---

Hinduja Global Solutions, Pune (Oct’2018— Sept’2019)
Customer Relation Officer (CRO)

e Making outbound (cold) calls to find qualified leads in the market
e Follow up on company’s marketing inquiries, engage in intelligent conversations with these inquiries and
get them interested in setting up appointments or personal meetings.

Education:

e  §.S.C — Maharashtra Board - Pune
e  H.S.C — Maharashtra Board - Pune
e B.Sc. — Shivaji University - Kolhapur

Languages Known:

e = English
e = Hindi

e Kannada
e = =Marathi
