 

 

 

 

 

 

Dharmendra Singh
Phone: +918146833553
ds238382@gmail.com

Career Objective

To work as a part of an organization like a one family where I can utilize my full
potential and caliber and help the company to grow up in all respects. Self-development,
motivation and organization is the motto of life.

Work Experience

>

Working in Poonawallafincorp Ltd. In, Operation Department as Assistant
Manager from Sep 16" 2005 to Till Date.
Job Profile:-

Process the Loan File as per Policy and checking for the discrepancies.
Pushing the files logged — in for final disbursement after getting the required
approvals, and completion of credit query.

Preparing the Disbursement Memo for Final Payment and checking the
discrepancies in post docs.

Cash receive from customer and Collection team which they taken from the
customer and then update the SOA.

Previous Experience:-

>

Worked with Citi BANK Ltd. (CMFL.) In Auto Loan, Personal Loan as a
Operation Executive from Aug, 2001 to Sep 15" 2005.

Job Profile:-

Process the Loan File as per Policy and checking for the discrepancies and also
discuss with the customers about the additional required docs and get all the
financial details from the customer.

Initiating all kinds of mails for escalation approvals to the respective authority.
New Product communication & Process training.

Pushing the files logged — in for final disbursement after getting the required
approvals, and completion of credit query.

Preparing the Disbursement Memo for Final Payment and checking the
discrepancies in post docs. Managing strategic and cordial relations and good
communication with various Dealer & DMA and to solve their problems and query.

 

 

 

 

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

 

 

 

 

 

Education Details:-

B. A.: Ch. Charan Singh University, Uttar Pradesh Meerut.
D.C. A.: Diploma, DCA (Diploma of Computer Application)

10+2.: Arts from UP of School Education Board Meerut

Personal Information

Name - Dharmendra Singh

D.O.B. - 26" July, 1969

Father’s Name - Mr. Shiv Baran Singh

Address- 681, New Shiv Puri, Khurja, Distt. Bulandshahar (U.P)
Nationality - Indian

Gender - Male.

Marital Status - Married

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and
belief.

Date:
Place: (Dharmendra Singh)

 

 

 

 

 

 
