CURRICULUM VITAE

Aanya.rk79@gamil.com Rakesh Khandelwal
Contact No.09784011153 2/45, Scheme No.10-B

Alwar (Raj) 301001
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To achieve a challenging position in my profession where I can contribute my best service to
the organization for its development using my skills & experience acquired.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

e Senior Secondary from Board of Secondary Education, Ajmer in 1997.

e B.com from Rajasthan University in the academic year (2000)

e Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application (P.G.D.C.A) from Kurushetra
University Harayana. (2001).

e Pursing PGDBA (Finance) From Symbiosis Pune

WORK EXPERIENCE

CURRENT ASSIGNMENT

Organization: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Previously known as Magma Fincorp
Ltd.) Alwar

Designation: Branch Customer Service Officer
Dec 2006 — Currently Working

CURRENT JOB RESPONSIBILITY

- Manage the development of data model and algorithms to help understand customer
data,

- Development of technological solutions to customer analytics available to COE,

- Product teams Drive key customer acquisition and retention strategies,

- Using data modeling Support campaign management team with
comprehensive insights around traffic flow,

- Customer engagement to optimize better experience, Develop different
recommendation engine,

- Customer Service request, query and grievances resolution,

- (Co-ordination with compliance department, accounts department, legal department,


--- Page Break ---

sales department to tracking customer complaints,
- Managing loan service of state after landing to customer like loan closer, ACH
clearance, EMI repayment, charges issue and refunds,
- Managing branch customer service parameter basis of company and industry norms.
- Managing claim escalation of died customers to making relief to them,
- Lean projects Identifying and eliminating barriers to accuracy, productivity, and
quality,
- Identify customer impacting issues, working out and implementing
solutions and process improvements to increase customer Satisfaction
rate,
- Customer service for auto finance customer, General Insurance customer
and Life Insurance customer,
- CRM management for customer service

Achievement: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Wins Best NBFC in Customer Service of
the year.

PREVIOUS JOB RESPONSIBILITY

Responsible to check the physical file as per credit

policy and process the auto Loan and Business Loan

cases

Responsible to maintain data in open office

Case Preparation & Loan Eligibility

Calculate Responsible to check dedupe

status.

Responsible to case preparation and forward to Reporting Manager for Approval.

Handling and management of cash collection and prepare relevant docs and send to concerns

All activities regarding vehicle insurance e.g., prepares insurance after taken follow up with customers
and concerns

Maintenance the office work like taking care of Fund flow statement, Cash Handling, Banking
operations, Petty Cash attendance. Maintenance office bills (expenses & Assets maintenance) and
verification of office assets.

Ensure that file is complete before approval and disbursement and review of monthly MIS of operations.
Communication with management and administrative activities such as custodian of audit related data,
files, Records, documents, working papers, and related activities.

Co-ordination with customer as well as field officer regarding collection of EMT” s and other area.

Worked with M/s Jasoria Traders C&F of Shree Cement Ltd. As an Accounts Assistant
for one year.( March 2002 to Feb 2003).

Worked with Dainik Bhaskar A leading Daily News Paper in India at its Alwar Location as
a Sr. Accounts Executive cum Recovery Officer since (March 2003 Dec’06)

JOB PROFILE

¥ Maintaining & supervising daily basis cash & banking transactions

Vv Feeding, checking and making payments of purchases & sales vouchers.
vY Preparing Bank & Branch Reconciliation Statements, MIS.

Y Rising Debit, Credit Notes & Journal Vouchers.


--- Page Break ---

Y Distribution of employee’s salary with references to their loans, advances and
deductions.
Y Resolving all kind of accounting related problems.

STRENGTH
e Result oriented approach with high personal and career goals.
e Excellent interpersonal skills.
e Good presentation and public relation skills.
e Working knowledge of window 98, XP, Ms-Office, Tally, Internet etc.

PERSONAL PARTICULARS

Father’s Name - Sh. Shiv Prasad Khandelwal
Date of Birth - 27" June 1979

Language Known - Hindi & English

Martial Status - Married

Nationality - Indian

Date:-

Place:- (Rakesh Khandelwal)
