 

Kamal Purkait

H. No: 333, BB Chaterjee Road
Kasba
Kolkata - 700042
Phone: 9831654830 (Mobile)

E-mail: kamal 74purkait@ gmail.com

 

Professional Synopsis

A resourceful and well motivated professional with expertise in Credit Operations and IT (Systems).
Strong background in banking services and operational disciplines within investment and Private banking.
Have developed a reputation of being a key participant in important projects whilst effectively managing
teams to meet BAU responsibilities for stakeholders. I pride myself on being resilient, dependable, a team
player with a ‘can do’ attitude whilst always maintaining a high level of integrity, dedication and attention
to detail.

Work Experience:

Poonawalla Fincorp Lid (F ormerly Magma Fincorp Lid

 

October 2001 — Till date
Department: IT & System Development

Designation: Manager
Job Profile: Senior Business Analyst

J ob Role and Responsibility:

Gathering business requirement, mapping the requirement with system, involve in Gap Analysis, building the
solution to meet client expectations

Coordinating with various stakeholders of different department.

Interaction with Development team on the enhancements to be undertaken in the Product as per requirement
from Business.

Preparation of BRD(Business requirement document) and FSD (Functional specification document)
Responsibility in making new IT requirement for development for Housing & SME department

Understand the business requirement by having a meet with the business counterpart

Preparing BRS and providing the same to the developer to initiate the development

Conducting the UAT and Health check (User acceptance testing) after the development is completed
Providing the feedback and observation to the IT development team to rectify the issue

Preparing the training presentation with flow charts and circulation done across department

Analyzing program risks and taking corrective actions without affecting the deadlines.

Conducting the training session for all users across India

Sole responsible for any IT system related issue faced by business team

Handled the project on LOS(Loan origination system) during the system change from Oracle(It includes both
mobile and Web application)

Knowledge on Lead Squared CRM system and implementing the same

Good knowledge on Loan Management system (LMS)

Part of the M-Core Project team

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

Part of the Navoday Project which was the complete change from M-Core system to LOS

Establish and manage relationship with client’s business and project stakeholders

Single Point of contact for system related queries and issues reported from the Business and to deliver
training to team members accordingly and cascade procedural updates

Suggested Process improvement ideas which were appreciated and approved by the Product Head
Good understanding of Business Product and Policy which helps in quick and effective system development

Achievements — Activities

Won the Super Star award from the IT head of the company

Very good Product knowledge on ABF, SME, Housing Loans & Mortgage loans, Insurance(Life, Loan
Guard, Property) etc.

My developments and co-ordination with IT backend team were well appreciated by all higher authorities
of the Business

Received many appreciation mails from the higher level for quick TAT is resolving the system issues faced
by the user.

I am the one person who is used to make the product training manual and train all locations when any new
development is implemented.

SENCO GOLD
August 2000 — November 2001

Department: Stock Accounting and Cash Executive
Designation: Senior Executive

Job Profile: Maintenance of C ash and Accounts

J ob Responsibility:

Handling cash related transaction and making all necessary reports.

Received the best performer award for highest productivity and 100% quality in a month.
Received appreciation mails from Head of Marketing

Also got appreciation from the Vice president for continuous 100% quality

Amrit Exports Pvt Lid
April 1996— J une 2000

Department: Stock Accounting

Designation: Executive

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

J ob Responsibility:

= A Company engaged in Business of Export of Leather Gloves.

= Liasioning with Gloves manufacturers.
» Accounts maintenance.

Achievements — Activities

= Have been recognized as the best accountant of the region

= Good team managing skills, hence has been promoted as a team leader to train the new employees
= Received appreciation from Head of business for my efficient working

Computer Proficiency:

Operating System: Windows-95, Windows-98, Windows-2000 and Windows XP.

Application Software: Oracle 12c, PL SQL, PostgreSQL

Other Tools: Zoho, Redmine and Service Desk

Education

B.Com from Calcutta University in the year 1994
Certification & Training
* RPA - Simplilearn

* Diploma in Computer Application & programming -Brain ware

Personal Information

Date of Birth
Marital Status
Father’s Name
Languages known
Areas of Interest
Hobbies

Passport Number

: 1 May 1972

: Married

: Mr. Kanai Lal Purkait

: English, Hindi, Bengali

: Management, Administration, Banking, Computers.
: Cricket, Badminton, Carrom & Music

: K0509383

| hereby accept that all the information provided are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

 

 
