 

 

RESUME

RANGARAJU B

Email Id: rangabraju@gmail.com

Objectives

No.398, VOC Street,
Meyyanoor,

Salem- 636004

Tamil Nadu.

Mobile.No : + 91 9003918410

Seeking a challenging and interesting environment that provides me an opportunity to develop and

utilize my knowledge and skill on a continuous basis.

Working Experience: 26 Years

Organization : Crystals India, Salem.
Designation : Accounts Executive
Department : Accounts

Period : From 1995 to 2005
Organization : Indian Chemicals, Madurai
Designation : Accounts Executive
Department : Accounts

Period : From 2006 to 31° Aug 2007
Organization : Magma Fincorp Limited, Salem
Designation : Sr. Executive

Department : Branch Accounts

Period : 14 Sep 2007 to Till date

Role Description:

e Cash handling Companies:
o Magma Fincorp Limited
o MF Process & Solutions
o Magma HDI General Insurance

o Magma Housing Finance

e To Ensure that the Collection from the customers/ collection executives for the field collections is

done as per the Guidelines for Safe keeping of Cash

e Ensure accurate and timely updating of the Daily Cash Register

e To prepare and send daily, weekly and monthly MIS reports such as Accounts Tracker / SDS De-

posit Slips Tracker

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

e Customer Care:

TAT's.

e Administration :

tificates .

e Operation :

Educational Qualification:

resolve within TAT

o NOC Handling Process

with in the TAT to HO for processing the payments

o File checking processing the payments

e Soft copy of Fund Flow Statements sent to Ho within the TAT for updating purpose

e To ensure that the Petty Cash is used only for the petty cash expenses
e Dispatching the Quarterly/Half yearly/ Yearly Petty Cash Balance Certificates to HO
e Timely deposit of Cash & PDC’s and ensuring fund transfers on daily basis

e To ensure Verification / approval of Money Receipts in POC on daily basis

o Ensuring that quality of customer interaction is at the highest levels.

o To ensure that every complaint/ request/ lead is captured and communicate the accurate

o Understanding the complaints, plan action and coordinate with respective department to

o To Coordinate with Admin for timely renewal of Trade / Shops & Establishments Cer-

o To Coordinate with Admin for clearing all Monthly Expenses / sending the Vendors bills

o Co-ordinate with other departments at Branch for smooth functioning

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Qualification Name of Institution Board / University
B.Sc., (Maths) Gandhi gram Rural Institute Deemed University
Higher Secondary Little Flower Higher Sec. School | State Board
S.S.L.C Little Flower Higher Sec. School State Board

 

Exposure to Computer

e Packages:
MS Office

e Operating System:
Xp & Windows 7

 

e Web Based Programs:

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

 

HTML.

Personal Details
Father’s Name : BAKTHAVATCHALAM. R

Date of Birth : 20.05.1973

Sex : Male

Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian

Mobile No. : +91 9003918410

E-Mail ID : rangabraju@gmail.com

References

1) Mr. M.Gomathi Nayagam
Magma Fincorp Limited Chennai
Mobile — 9940019596

2) Mr. NIVAS DD
TL - Magma Fincorp Limited salem
Mobile — 9791788855

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Yours Faithfully,

(RANGARAJU B)

Place: SALEM.
Date: 05-06-2021

 

 
