Career Objective:

Work Experience:

Area of Exposure:

Current Profile:

RAJIB MONDAL

19A, Peary Mohan Roy Road
Kolkata-700027
9748603826

rajibmondal06@gmail.com

Working for an organization that will leverage my knowledge and strength
to the fullest and enable me to add maximum value to the organization I
will work for, as well as grow steadily with the organization.

Working in Magma Fincorp Ltd. as an Executive in Treasury department
from 2007-2011, as a Senior Executive from 2011-2017, as an Assistant
Manager from 2017 to present.

Worked as a credit operations executive for ICICI Home Finance in 2006-
07.

Treasury (Banking Operation)

Maintaining daily Fund Flow MIS to ascertain availability of funds and
details of inflow & outflow of funds at the end of a day.

Disbursing online payments to dealers and vendors in bulk through
online RTGS/NEFT in host to host payment services of banks.
Monitoring the whole process and troubleshooting in payment related
issues.

Handling queries from branches in PAN India and solving problems
related to online RTGS/NEFT payments.

Maintaining various MIS to keep track of all online RTGS & NEFT
payments related data for further reference & use.

Monitoring & vetting of calculation of all kinds of bank charges debited
in various co. bank accounts (incl all Cash Credit, Current & Term Loan
a/cs) and entering them into ERP system.

Arranging Tax invoices from banks for others departments. Following
up for the same with banks.

Following up with banks for various bank charge related issues like
arranging for refund of excess bank charges.

To maintain Bank charges MIS on a monthly basis for keeping track of
all bank charges debited in a month.

Handling various kinds of queries related to funds & banking from other
departments.


--- Page Break ---

Earlier Profile:

Education:

IT skills:

Personal:

Place: Kolkata

e Preparing Stock Statements for various bank loan a/cs as per the
conditions laid out by each bank on a monthly basis and submitting them
to banks on stipulated dates.

e Arranging for various bank audits to inspect the physical agreement files.

e Calculation & validation of bank Interest debited in various loan a/cs at
month end and providing them to accounts department.

e Maintaining bank interest MIS.

e Following up with banks for refund of interest charged in excess.

2004 Passed Bachelor in Commerce with honors from Heramba Chandra
College under Calcutta University.

2001 Passed Higher Secondary Examination in Commerce stream from
Heramba Chandra College under West Bengal Council of Higher
Secondary Education.

1999 Passed Secondary Examination (Madhyamik) from New Alipore
Multipurpose School under West Bengal Board of Secondary
Education.

Competency as an end user in Windows, MS-Office with advanced
features of MS Excel, IMB Lotus Notes

Sex Male

Date of Birth 15 March, 1982
Marital Status Single

Languages known — : English, Hindi, Bengali

Signature
