SHUBHRANSHU CHOWDHURY
Contact No : 9831962914
E-Mail : shubhranshu78@qmail.com

Seeking middle level assignments in Accounts with an organization of repute

PROFILE SUMMARY

e 15+ years of experience in Finance & Accounts and Taxation.

e Hands on experience in Accounts Payable and Receivable, Bank Reconciliation, Excise, Sales Tax, VAT, TDS
and GST related matters.

e Knowledge of filing TDS and GST Returns.

Skilled in handling audit assignments, co-ordinating for queries raised by auditors and successfully completing
audits agreed timeframes.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

e Planning and executing monthly /quarterly /annual closure schedules, providing monthly MIS and
administering the closure process.

e Ensuring reclassification and accounting of wrong or unaccounted entries prior to CFR (Cash Flow Report) of
the general ledger.

e Identification of areas of revenue leakages, frauds, and cost reductions, streamlining reports and entries.
Fulfilling statutory compliances of TDS and GST.

e Capable of team handling.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Feb’08 - Present : Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd, Pune, as Sr. Accounts Executive

Key Result Areas;
e Accountable for the:
o Entering business transactions in daily basis in Oracle ERP system
o Preparation of the age wise debtor statement and account receivable statement
o Processing payments to customers and vendors
o Preparation and maintenance of cash flow and fund flow statement.
e Carrying out reconciliation of:
o TDS receivable reconciliation with 26AS
o Dealer reconciliation
o Banks and account reconciliation

e Maintained Accounts and Records under GST - Input Tax Credit availed, Output Tax Payable and Paid, such
other particulars as be prescribed.
e Input Tax Credit reconciliation with GSTR2A and GSTR3B to minimize differences to maximize set off
Assist to submission of GST and TDS Return
e Handling the preparation of:
O Updating & maintain TDS deduction and remittance.
O Month wise GL report
O Collection schedule and update the same in customer’s account
O Monthly MIS schedules as per company policies declared by time to time.

April’05 — Feb’08 : MMP Filtration Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata, as Accounts Executive

Key Result Areas;

e Responsible for the:
° Entering business transaction in daily basis in Tally ERP system
° Maintenance of books of accounts of the clients
° Involved in the maintenance of inventory register which involved inventory valuation report, inventory flow
report

e Handling Central Excise (Maintaining RG 23A Part-I & Part-II and RG 23C Part-I & Part-II and PLA)


--- Page Break ---

Handling Sales Tax (VAT and CST)
Preparation and filing returns of Central Excise & Sales Tax
Handled the preparation of:

° Age wise debtor statement and account receivable statement
° Taxable invoices
° Statutory documents of export materials

Prepare monthly MIS schedules as per company policies declared by time to time

Feb’03-April’05 : Ganesh Wheat Products (P) Ltd, Kolkata, as Account Assistant

Key Result Areas;

Date :

Place :

Maintaining Cash Book, Bank Book, Day to day accounts, Petty Cash, Voucher Entry, Billing, Purchase
register, sales register, journal and ledger, inventory etc

Prepare Dispatch Challan

Assist in preparation and filing of sales tax returns

Reconciliation of debtors & creditors and banks

Assist to preparing the finalization of yearend financial statements

Jan’01 - Feb’03 : Shreyam Health Care (P) Ltd. Kolkata, as Billing Executive

SCHOLASTICS

Dip. in Professional Accounting & Computer Mgmt. from Academy of Accounts & Taxation, Kolkata in 2005
B.Com (H) in Accountancy from Patna University in 1999

PERSONAL VITAE

Marital Status : Married

Date of Birth : 12 th January 1978

Nationality : Indian

Languages : Hindi; English; Bengali

Address : 285, Subhas Nagar, Talpukur, Rishra

Dist: Hooghly, West Bengal, 712250

Signature
