 

SUSMITA CHATTERJEE

 

Date of Birth : 25th May, 1984

Marital Status : Married

Email : susmitaaa@gmail.com

Address : 100/32 Bhagabati Park, Sovan apartment ,3" floor, Kolkata-700074
Phone No : +91 9836428098(mob.),Alt no :9007720851
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To learn new techniques, thrive on meeting deadlines and be an integral part of growth-oriented organization.

SKILL SET

e Proven skills in breaking new avenues & driving revenue growth.

e Excellent communication skills with an attitude to readily adapt evolving business & technological
challenges.

e Abilities of organizing, interpreting and communicating business data to the top management to
facilitate in the decision-making process.

e Competent in implementing solutions to customer needs with aim to improve customer contentment.
CAREER RECITAL

Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly known Magma fincorp Ltd

Designation: Assistant Manager
Duration: Since July, 2012.

Job Description

Handling Finnone application

End to end Finnone issue handling

Various MIS, Report preparation.

Every morning Finnone health check and circulate mail.
Involved in project introduced for Finnone.

Notable Achievement

Received Excellence award for outstanding performance with end-to-end issue closure of Finnone.

Magma Fincorp. Ltd

Designation: Assistant Manager and Team Lead
Duration: Since July, 2012.

Job Description

> Team Management
Handling a team of three (3) members.
Day to day job allocation and monitoring.

Various MIS preparation.
Performance of assessment of team on a regular basis.

> Job Description


--- Page Break ---

e Coordination between various business verticals & vendors in resolving IT application related
issues.

Maintain liaison with Development Team

Actively participate in application testing in UAT version, release for Tab users.
Knowledge sharing with Business team about the new application release.

Tablets Allocation to different vertical of the Co. for smooth functioning of business.
Mainly working in FinnOne

Notable Achievement

Have promoted as a Team Lead of IT support team and responsible to coordinate various business verticals
across PAN India.

ICICI Bank Ltd.

Designation: Junior Officer.
Duration: September, 2010 to July, 2012.

> Job Description

e Generate auto loan from Branch database, Wealth Management and Corporate Salary Department.
e Sole responsible for entire loan process cycle from rate negotiation, documentation to disbursement.
e Maintain healthy relation with clients /dealers & pursue recurring business out of that.

e Prepare work flow MIS on daily basis.

Notable Achievement

Stood 3" in PAN India contest of Auto Loan for the period of January 2012 to March 2012 and
bagged Mission Possible award for the outstanding performance.

HDFC Bank Ltd.

Designation: Corporate Salary co-ordinator.
Duration  : From September, 2008 to September, 2010.

Job Description

e Opening and processing of new salary account.

e Disbursement & maintenance the custody of welcome kit.

e Regular surveillance of newly open customer accounts & meets customers query and grievances.
e Generate business form the customer database.

e Involved in preparing the MIS of the department on daily basis.

e Update the central database of loan tracking system by the leads generated from corporate salary
sales team, day-to-day maintenance of the system and responding on ad hoc queries of customer
through the system (Finware & Host).

e Generate business by maintaining healthy relation with clients & pursue recurring business (viz.
Demat, Hsl, Credit card, Mutual fund, Fixed Deposit, all types of loan product).

e Corporate Code Up gradation of existing salary account in case of shifting of employer.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Year Degree Institution Percentage

 

 

Calcutta University (Regular)

 

2005 B.A (Hons.) Sarojini Naidu College 54

 


--- Page Break ---

2002 | Higher Secondary Dumdum Motijheel Girls High School

 

2000 Christ Church Girls High Schoo

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

> Well versed with MS Office and Internet Applications.
> Completed Certificate course in basic computing (CCC) from the DOEACC, Govt. of India in 2006.

LANGUAGES KNOWN
Proficiency in English, Bengali & Hindi

DECLARATION

I, Mrs. Susmita Chatterjee, hereby declare that all the data and information furnished in this CV is true to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:22/11/2022

Place: Kolkata Signature
