Mohammad Shahroz Khan
Mobile: +91 8853047777/ Linkedin: https://linkedin.com/in/shahrozhrtd/
E-Mail: khan.shahroz@gqmail.com
Pro-active and dedicated HR professional with 19 years’ of experience in implementing HR
policies to ensure effective manpower development and support career progression of
individuals and organizational goals.

Demonstrated success in different aspects of HRD/ Training & Development / Employee
Engagement /Statutory Compliances/Industrial relations.

Proven leadership abilities in Conceptualizing & developing training initiatives for improved
productivity, building capability and quality enhancement

Expertise in staffing, recruitment, Training & Development & Employee Engagement activities
policy & procedures and retirement program for employees.

areer Growt at

Jul-21 to till date Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Limited
HR Business Partner & Engagement Manager

Mar 14 - Jul-21 Magma Fincorp Limited - Manager - Territory Business

HR. Sep 13 - Feb 14 = Shalimar Corp Limited- Deputy Manager-HR

Sep 11 - Aug 13 Allanasons Limited as Plant Head-HR.

Aug 10 - Sep 11 Magma Fincorp Limited- Assistant Manager-HR

Jan 07 - Jul 10 Spencer’s Retail Limited- Assistant Manager-HR.

Apr 03- Dec 06 First Naukri Solutions Pvt. Limited- Manager Sourcing.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Talent Acquisition:-

Managing the complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources
Coordinating manpower planning, recruitment, induction, exit interviews, ensuring cultural fit
Sourcing, screening resumes, scheduling, interviewing candidates, issuing offer letter, fixing
the grades, preparing compensation structures and Onboarding of new recruits.

Optimizing cost of recruitment by the use of different tools of recruitment such as Job

sites, Employees Reference, Campus etc.

Employee Engagement Activities: -

Works closely with business partners, external vendors, to develop and execute communications that
help drive improvements in employee engagement

Manage activities of assigned group(s) to ensure optimum performance of the group/function

Assist in the development and recommendation of departmental budget and authorize expenditures
Overseeing proper execution and implementation of departmental training programs, including
orientation

Work with partners globally across the businesses to communicate and embed organizational Vision,
Mission & values.

Develop and implement communication strategies, programs and tools that inform, engage and
motivate employees

Provides support to management on organization structure succession planning and employee
development initiatives

Provides guidance support and training to managers and employees on employee relations issues.
Develop and implement promotions and campaigns to drive user adoption, ongoing participation and
information sharing.

Partner with IT to develop communications standards, guidelines, templates, tools, processes and
related enhancements for the intranet and internal social networking community

 


--- Page Break ---

Compensation and Payroll:-

Worked on benchmarking compensation for all grades.

Ensured effective compensation structure is rolled out which is tax friendly and compliant
with government norms.

Managing payroll processes ranging from Attendance recording to Processing salaries.

Retirement benefits such as Superannuation, Gratuity, Bonus, Leave Encashment, LTA &
Medical, Mediclaim, Group Personal Insurance & Income Tax etc.

Training & Development:-

Identifying training needs across levels through mapping of skills required for particular positions
and analysis of the existing level of competencies.

Preparation of Annual Training Modules and Calendar according to TNI & business requirements.
Organizing induction programs for the new joinees; facilitating Management Development
Programs including technical and soft-skills training programs.

Tracking and analyzing effectiveness of programs delivered and incorporating mechanisms that
would measure performance on the job after training.

Responsible for delivering workplace learning, performance improvement programs, and initiatives
to achieve long-term business goals.

Performance Appraisal & Talent Management:-

> To facilitate in KRA Setting “SMART” Basis in coordination with Departmental Head.

> To ensure timely Performance Reviews and facilitate e-appraisals.
> Ensure timely compilation and analysis of ratings for annual Performance Increment

Industrial Relations & Liaising with Govt. Authorities: -

> Ensure prompt resolution of employee grievances and maintaining cordial employee relations
Amicably settling disputes with the Vicinity villagers and maintaining discipline
Harmonious working environment across all employee levels, participating in negotiations,
collective bargaining and settlement of grievances in compliance with various Labour acts
To maintain cordial relations with various Govt Authorities: Director of Factories, Assist. Labour
Commissioner, PF Commissioner, ESIC Commissioner, Visa Officer, Labour Officer, Employment
Officer

ACHIEVEMENT HIGHLIGHTS:-

Successfully implemented- HRMIS System, Training & Development calendar in
Allanasons Limited.

Organized “Reward & Recognition Program “at Zonal level - Rendezvous in Magma
Fincorp Limited.

Awarded the best Talent Acquisition Team- West Zone

Received Certificate of appreciation towards overall contributions in Talent Acquisition for
the Quarter.

Skills:-

> Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw, Instant Artist, Page Maker, and Internet.
> HRIS software’s: ERP & Peoplesoft.
> Languages: English (Fluent), Hindi (Fluent), Urdu (Fluent)

Additional Experience:
Sep 2000-Mar03: Emirates National Oil Company- Shift In-Charge.

Qualifications

MBA (2005-2007) Global Institute of Management & Technology.
B.A (1996-1999) Kanpur University-Kanpur.

XII (1995-1996) U.P Board.

X (1993) S.T. High School- Amu Aligarh.

 


--- Page Break ---

Training Attended /Personal Development

> 2 Days Train The Trainer Program- Organized by Spencer’s Retail Limited.
> 6 Days Outbound Leadership program organized by Spencer’s Retail Limited- Conducted by Peagasus.
> 4 Days STAR training program conducted by Spencer’s Retail Limited.

Personal Info

Marital Status: Married.

Passport: Valid upto 2029
Skype Id: khan.shahroz
Reference: Available on request.

 
