Kankana Batabyal
Mobile: +91-9007029265
E-Mail: kankanask@gmail.com

 

In a quest for responsible and challenging assignments with my legal acumen, knowledge and experience
which will help me to grow in-line with the organizational goals.

 

An insightful person with rich experience over 14 years in handling matters across diverse legal spectrum and

Arbitral Tribunal for defending individual or a company. | possess a flexible and dynamic style of working and
keeping myself self-motivated which helps me in prompt adaptability to new situations. An Out-of-the-Box
thinker with a flair for accepting new challenges each and every time. | am a true believer in teamwork,

capable of establishing & managing excellent relationship building with internal and external entities.

 

Professional Experience

Currently employed as Deputy Manager in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., responsible for handling SARFAESI
PROCEEDINGS from December 2021 till date

From April 2010 till November 2021responsible for handling Arbitration Proceedings in Magma Fincorp
Ltd. (Currently known as Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.)

From September2007 - March2010 was engaged as junior counsel for handling various civil and
property related matters under Mr S. N. Chatterjee (Advocate, City Civil Court), Kolkata.

Highlights:

e Drafting of the Sec-13(2) Demand notice under SARFAESI Act- identifying the property details
from the documents, checking the mortgaged related documents.

e Drafting and sending replies against the objections raised by the borrowers against 13(2) Demand
notices, Sale notices or any other notices during the SARFAESI Proceedings.

e Drafting of the Sec-13(4) possession notice under SARFAESI Act after checking the eligibility of
each matter.

e Preparing the drafts and co-ordinate with publication houses/vendors for publication of demand
notice, possession notice and sale notice

e Issue pre-sale notice to borrower/ co-borrower/ guarantor (30 days/ 15 days as the case may be)

e Preparing draft for issuance of bid confirmation letter after successful auction of mortgaged
property

e Preparing draft for issuance of sale certificate
e Ensuring pan India SARFAESI proceedings and DRT and High Court updates are entered in MIS.
e Providing data and files for Audit, Compliance and Accounting purposes.

e Maintaining, checking and processing of bills of publication and E-auction listing vendors PAN
India.


--- Page Break ---

@ Responsible for handling/contesting matters referred to Arbitration as per the Arbitration and

Conciliation Act, 1996.

Handling of Section 9 and Section 17 matters.

Drafting Statement of Claims, Interim Applications, Rejoinders and Written Argument for
effective handling of critical and complex issues.

@ Having excellent negotiation skills for amicable and favourable settlement of the cases in favour
of the organization.

Planning and tracking of issue and providing sustainable resolution on critical disputes.
Extending support to the Recovery team for effective recovery of debts from the defaulting
customers, thereby increasing the overall revenue of the organization.

@ Responsible for Oracle Based Data updation & system integration for effective control,
management & MIS based Tracking.

@ Taken the task/responsibility for Legal Matters, Loss on Sale Recovery & Decree Transferred
cases w.r.t. Arbitration matters and other civil cases as well as Against Company Cases for 200+
Branches spread all over India.

@ Proficiently handled Cheque Bouncing matters, Home loan related matters and company

corporate related matters.

Effective in managing and motivating team in meeting deadlines and challenges.

Manpower planning for the department.

Representing clients in various courts of law across Kolkata jurisdiction and adjoining Districts.

Drafting of plaints, written statements, applications and written notes of arguments.

Engaged in researching case laws, precedents and recent judgements passed by the Hon’ble

Apex Court and various state High Courts.

Career Accolades
e Received the Award for Excellent Performance in the field of Legal in the year 2017-18.

@ Received the Award for Excellent Performance in the field of Legal in the year 2014-15.
@ Promoted to the post of Deputy Manager in the year 2018

@ Promoted to the post of Assistant Manager in the year 2015.

Academic Accolades

@ 8B.A.LLB from Department of Law, Calcutta University (Hazra Campus) in 2007 with an aggregate of 58%.

@ Passed Higher Secondary from Shri Shikshayatan School, Kolkata in the year 2002 with an aggregate of
77.6%.

@ Passed Madhyamik from St. John Diocesan School, Kolkata in the year 2000 with an aggregate of 82%.


--- Page Break ---

Personal Dossier

Date of Birth: 4° November 1983.
Permanent Address: 356, Jodhpur Park 700 068.
Hobbies: Travelling, painting, reading books.

Reference: Available on request.

| hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place: Kolkata, India.

(Kankana Batabyal).
