 

PROFILE SUMMARY:

¢ A competent professional with over 18 years of experience in Finance company, Tele
communication & Technical Field.

¢ Having Experience of 11+ Years in Daily Branch Operational work, Cash Management, and Recovery.
e Having Experience of 11+ Years in customer services with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd as a Customer
Service Officer.

e Having experience of 1.5 Years for service delivery (MIS) in Tele communication.

e Having knowledge of handling CNC machines for making Optical Fibre.

e IRDA certified (Certificate No: $P0154121825) for procuring or soliciting insurance business in the
category of General Insurance

ACADEMIC DETAILS:

¢ B. Sc. (Computer) from DAVV Indore (1996-1999) with 61.63%
e Senior Secondary (12th) from Hr. sec. school Dhamnod (1995-1996) with 60.66%
e Secondary (10th) from Hr. sec. school Dhamnod (1993-1994) with 59.69%

SKILLS:
* Technology : Working on CRM, Lead Square and Finnone software
* Tools : Cash Management and Branch Operation Management

ORGANIZATIONAL EXEPERIENCE AND DETAILS:

¢ Presently working with Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Previously known as Magma Fincorp Ltd)
Period-March 2009 to December 2010 & continuing since 2012
¢ Worked with Reliance Communication Ltd on behalf of Addeco Flexione Workforce Solutions Ltd
(Period-Oct 2007 to Feb 2009)
¢ Worked with Sterlite Optical Technology Ltd (Aurangabad, Maharashtra)
Period-26th March 2001 to O1st June 2006.

Training:

Basics of six sigma, brief firefighting training conducted by A. Deshpande & co. Aurangabad, safety
training by parag enterprises Mumbai, training of health & family welfare, first-aid to the injured by
st. John ambulance association.

Key Result Areas:

¢ Managing cash and operations in Branch
e¢ Managing and tracking changes, preparing reports and updating documents for all operation
related work


--- Page Break ---

e Handling customer service as a customer service officer.

¢ Collection from the customers/ collection executives for the field collections is done as per the
Guidelines for Safe keeping of Cash.

e Reconciliation of daily cash & cheque collection & Timely deposit of Cash & PDC’s and ensuring

fund transfers on daily basis

¢ Handling Operational work of Products like Car (New and Used), CV, CE, CV Refinance and

Insurance Operations. Managing all RCU process for products handling.

e Ensuring that quality of customer interaction is at the highest levels, every complaint/ request/ lead is
captured and communicate the accurate TAT's, to take ownership of every complaint and resolve it end
to end with minimum escalations.

¢ Generating leads from walk in customers/calling to existing customer for referral & provide leads

to concern team

¢ To co-ordinate with other departments at Branch for smooth functioning, Coordinate with Admin for
timely renewal of Trade / Shops & Establishments Certificates, clearing all Monthly Expenses & Vendor
bills, resolving the Branch Admin issues within time, Coordinate with CMS Helpdesk for resolving the
Branch IT related issues, Coordinate with HR regarding Employee ID card/ ESI Card etc.

Package and Notice Period:

e Notice Period is 2 Months
e Preferred location is Indore

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Fathers Name: Late Shri Ramchandra Dharwa

DOB: 18/08/1978

Languages: Hindi & English

Marital Status: Married

Nationality: Indian

Address: 122, Indira Gandhi Nagar, Indore MP

Email Addresss: alokdharwa84@gmail.com

Date: 16.11.2022 Alok Dharwa
Place - Indore
