 

PARAG UPADHYAY

OMobile: +91 9644897779 OE-Mail: admparag@yahoo.com ,admparag@gmail.com

Aiming senior level assignments in FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT with an organization of high repute

PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Sales

> Sale of stock Vehicle , Refurbishment , Sale no. to be Increase , Stock Yard Visit ,
Vehicle Verification , Sale approval preparation , Online and Offline Auction

Target —Planning — implementation

Business Development , competitor analysis , Manage camp with dealer , New and old
vehicle

> Byer and dealer development , meeting with transporter, advertisement , Market research ,

>
>

Credit and Operation Functions

>
>
>

>
>
>

Taking care of approval of credit approval memo (CAM) Disbursement of File
Checking Dedupe and CIBIL report
Customer application screening , evaluation , underwriting and sanction of Loan .

Calculation viabilities of Customer

Party visit and verification repayment capacity , assess applications and ensure that credit
parameters adhered to track deviations

Checking of documents and Scrutinizing documents before sanctioning and disbursing the File
with credit policies ,CIBIL , Dedupe .

Spearheading marketing of finance, market survey, & price analysis.
Responsible for periodically preparation of new finance scheme & credit policy.
Preparation of Delicacy Ratio Vehicle and Area Wise

Accounting Functions

>

>

>

Preparing & maintaining statutory books of accounts and reconciliation of financial statements in compliance
with the norms.

Presenting a true and fair view of the financial position of the company by way of timely preparation of annual
reports ensuring analyzing the expenditure on a monthly basis to control expenses.

Maintaining MIS & reports, evaluating them for facilitating decision-making process.

Receivable Management

>

>
>

Overseeing advance controls for advance payments & following up with Customer , cost centre wise
consumption & analysis with average consumption.

Following to debtors, conducting ageing analysis with an aim to keep receivables under control.

Ensuring that all payments are made to suppliers within the stipulated time frame and managing accounts
payable within the pre-set parameters.

Collection Management / Recovery

>

>

>

Reviewing delinquent accounts & portfolio to control recovery operations for delinquent customer and handling
high value fraud cases / defaulters / insolvent clients & initiating appropriate legal actions.

Enhancing normalization & recovery rates to ensure continued profitability of business and improving processes
to ensure efficiency in customer contact and recovery techniques.

Exploring the possibilities of determining viability of business operations and quick settlement through
negotiations or restructuring of dues.

Instrumental for controlling of collection in all branches and all serious matter of all branches.


--- Page Break ---

Customer Relationship Management
> Supervising customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services.
> Providing first line customer support by answering queries & resolving their issues, ensuring minimum TAT.
Maintaining cordial relations with customers to sustain the profitability of the business.
> Handling customer grievances and resolving issues.

CAREER SCAN

Since Nov 14 to till date: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., Indore as Sr. Manager -State Head Asset
Disposal in ABF (Collection) (M.P.& Gujarat)

Key Deliverables

> Sale of repo stock Vehicle, Refurbishment, Sale no.to be Increase, Stock Yard Visit, Vehicle
Verification, Sale approval preparation, Online and Offline Auction, Yard & Stock Audit.

> Target —Planning — implementation

> Business Development, competitor analysis, new and old vehicle price analysis

> Buyer and dealer development, meeting with transporter, advertisement, Market research,

Feb’03 To Aug 14: Ad-Manum Finance Ltd. Indore as Manager Credit & Collection (M.P. and
GUJARAT State)

Key Deliverables

> Efficiently coordinating and handling Branches, of (M.P. & GUJARAT) for Fund Management,
Controlling & Checking Branch MIS, Credit Faction, Operation and Collection Management
Taking care of approval of credit approval memo (CAM) and development of business (Finance &
DSA Network.)
Checking Dedupe and CIBIL report
Customer application screening, evaluation, underwriting and section of Loan.

Calculation viabilities of Customer

Vv V VWV

Party visit, Tele verification and verification repayment capacity, assess applications and ensure
that credit parameters adhered to track deviations

Controlling of NPA accounts and resolve matters

Checking of documents and Scrutinizing documents before sanctioning and disbursing the File
with credit policies, CIBIL, Dedupe

Spearheading marketing of finance, market survey, & price analysis.
Responsible for periodically preparation of new finance scheme & credit policy.
Preparation MIS of Delicacy Ratio Vehicle and Area Wise

VV V

Apr’00-Feb’03: Gujarat Commercial Co-op. Bank Ltd., Indore as Executive - Loan & Advances
Gujarat Mercantile Credit Sahakarita Ltd., Indore

Key Deliverables

Attended clients and appraised advised loan.

Visited to parties and inspected their property and location.

Took care of fund management.

Controlled & checked MIS and handled serious matters of parties.

Settled dispute matter of Insurance Claim.

Involved in marketing of finance, Market Survey, & Price Analysis.
Controlling of collection in all branches and all serious matter of all branches.

VVVVVV WV

Previous Assignments

Oct’97-Apr’00: Sanghi Brothers (Indore)Ltd., Indore as Executive — Finance (Commercial Vehicle)
Sanghi Finance & Investment Ltd., Indore Authorized dealer of Tata Motors Ltd.


--- Page Break ---

Mar’96-Oct’97: BCC Group, Indore BCC Finance Ltd., as Accounts Assistant

EDIFICATIONS

Diploma in Sales & Marketing Management (Distance) from All India Institute of Management Studies, Chennai in
1997
Graduation in Commerce from Devi Ahilya University, Indore in 1996

Additional Qualification
>» Diploma in Computer Application from Silicon Computer Institute in 1996

EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENTS

>» “A” Certificate holder in N.C.C.

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth : 7 April 1974

Address : 202-Ankit Apartment, 12-13 Prabhu Nagar, Annapurna Road, Indore (M.P.) -452012
Linguistic Skills : English, Hindi & Marathi

Location Preference : M.P., Gujarat

(PARAG UPADHYAY)
DATE:
PLACE:
