Md. Arif Hussain

Objective

Provide leadership, strategic vision and direction to the IT infrastructure, application development
departments and business users.

To facilitate growth of organization using technology and innovative solution

Resume Summary

Current Employer : Poonawalla Fincorp Limited
Domain : IT Infrastructure project and operation
Designation Deputy Manager — Zonal IT
Academic Qualification B.Tech (Electronics)

DOJ 18" Sept 2015

Professional Experience:
IT professional with over 25+ years of extensive work experience in IT project management, IT
Infrastructure & Operations.

Task and current activities

>
>

wrTwrovwvwrovwvrovwvrovrvwrvw wv

Management of IT service operation for Kolkata -HO and West Bengal

Facilitating business with the help of IT Infrastructure operations of more than 18 branches in

Kolkata and West Bengal.

Interacting with different Vendors Management to get the Service and Support.

Network Monitoring, its performance through WhatsApp gold.

New Branch Setup and coordination with respective stack holder to complete the Setup.

Allocation of Laptop, desktop and BTP to new joinees

Review of incident and Service Request in PSD to improve TAT to get users satisfaction.
Single point of contact for any IT issue for Kolkata and West Bengal.

Working on EFRC module in ZingHR for release of exit employee through system.

Review of PSD tool for Incident Management and Service Request

Managing Compliance & Security of all endpoints allocated to employees with RE Support

Academic Credential

>» B.Tech. (Electronics) passed with 67.8 % from AMU Aligarh. 1994
> $.S.S.C ( 10+2) passed with 73.6 % from AMU 1990
>» High School passed with 72.33% from West Bengal Board 1987
Technical Certification & Training
> ITIL V3 Training organized in CMS Info Systems 2012
> Black Barry Server training from CMS Info systems Pvt Ltd, New Delhi 2009
>» Windows Active Directory Services from CMS Info Systems 2006
>» Lotus Notes and Lotus Traveler Training 2005
>» Microsoft Exchange Training from CMS Info Systems 2004
>» Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) 2002

Previous Employment History

1 - CMS Info System Pvt. Ltd., Kolkata & Mumbai (Previously known as CMS
Computer Ltd): Worked as Team Leader / Customer Support Engineer -from 28" April
1999 till 10" Sept 2015


--- Page Break ---

» Managed a team of 42 people in IIM CAT Prometric Project & managing 52 people as
Residential and HO Engineers for Magma Project.
>» Managed the service delivery to business as per agreed SLA.
Ensuring the timely resolution of user’s problem / request through enterprise incident
management tool.
Business impact analysis, Implementation of corrective action.
Vendors management for providing the OEM services to critical equipment in IT
Availability management for business-critical applications.
Continual service improvement by driving the operation review meeting bi-weekly
Effective Vendor Management
Service Desk operation using ITIL best practices.
>» Project Management and documentation skills.
Project planning, scoping, estimation, tracking using project management tool.
Business process analysis and mapping with IT.
Rolled out 150 non connected branches to VPN on a Pan India basis.
SLA compliance by vendors and ensuring good level of service to all the end users.

WwW

wTvrovwrove vv

vwrTvrovwrvwyv

Customer / Project Handled History through CMS Infosystems
Project: Prometric DNB Online Examinations
Duration : May 2015 to Sept 2015

Responsibilities : Installation of DC, ADC, CC Proxy Servers and Admin System as per
Prometric Tech guideline. Also installation of trouble shooting of Test System during Examination
and also SOP for a venue for all technical escalations

Site: Magma Fincorp Limited
Duration 1** Dec 2010 April 30" March 2013
Responsibilities

Overview of the process for effective day to day management of an IT infrastructure.
Incident and Vendor Management

Coordinates with various teams for incidents resolution and service request completion.
Focus on complex issues related to operation aspects that cannot be resolved at lower
level support. Ensure that problems are identified and resolved in minimum downtime as
per SLA

>» Reporting Help Desk performance and generating other reports required by client.

>» Support engineer's performance on Incidents and give reports to client.

>» New Engineers Interview and Technical training with Site Documents.

wvovv

Technical Responsibilities:

> Installation, configuration and Managing Windows Servers 2008 /2012. Handling more
than 50s Windows Servers PAN India with DHCP, File Server, WSUS, DMS and
Antivirus.

Implementation of Group Policy.

Domain User creation, Password Reset, account unlock.

Omnicsan DMS Server installation and configuration in coordination with Vendor.
Trend TMCM 5.6, OfficeScan Server installation and configuration.

Print Server Installation and configuration of Network Printers.

Backup and Data Recovery of All Servers in the Branches.

vwrvrovwrovevv


--- Page Break ---

Project : CAT IIM 2010 Project as Regional Project Manager (CMS)
Duration 1 July 2010 to 31% Nov 2010
Team Size 45
Responsibilties
>» The job responsibility includes to oversee and manage the day to day activities and
responsible for working with the Test Center technical staff to assess progress, risk and
then report status during daily status meetings or call conference.
» Scorecard showing planned vs. actual progress with defined actions to address any
gaps or delays List of upcoming deliverables and any risks and defined mitigation plans.
Preparation of MIS, action plan etc.

Project Bharat Aluminum Co. Ltd, Korba Chhattisgarh
Role Windows Expert Engineer in Balco Data Center (CMS)
Duration From August 2009 to June 2010

Responsibilities :

» Windows Administration for configuration, maintenance, backup and support for production
Microsoft Windows 2000/2003/2008 enterprise servers. Build, configure and implement new
Windows Servers and related Support services for Active Directory and Group Policies.

> Installing, testing, troubleshooting and documenting server upgrades, configuration changes,

and service packs on Blade and Power Edge Server

Troubleshooting application performance and systems tuning on Windows Servers.

Monitoring Server performance, rapidly and effectively diagnosing and solving all outages or

performance problems.

Providing 2nd and 3rd level Windows Server technical support to FMS Engineers.

Participating in an on-call rotation and assisting with 1st level hotline support as necessary.

Managing patch deployment with Windows Software Update Services (WSUS).

Installation & Maintainance of IIS, Active Directory, DNS, Group Policy.

Trend Micro Server and Clients status

wT wv

wTvrovwrvwe VW

2- CREATIVE COMPUTERS, Lamington Road, Grand Road (E), Mumbai

The Company is reseller of Assembled machines and dealer of Logitech Mouse, Scanners, and
Vintron System & Monitors and provides maintenance & Support to some of major clients like
East India Hotel, Hanging & Shipping, Reliance Industries, and home users.

Designation: Senior Technical Support Engineer (Hardware and Software)

Duration: From 1st May 1997 to 27th April 1999.

Key Responsibilities

> Installation, Configuration and Administration of Windows Servers, Laptop & Desktop
Installation, Configuration of various communication devices likes Switches Routers
Disaster Recovery process by backups & restore procedure.

Administration of various communication devices

Administration of print and file server.

Installation and configuration of Novel Netware 4.12

Vendor Management

vwrvrowrovwvrove wv

3-EPSOM COMPUTERS SERVICES, Nehru Place, New Delhi.

Designation +: Customer Support Engineer.
Platform : WindowsNT4.0 Server/Workstation, Windows 95/98, Novell 4.11.
Duration : From 15th Feb 1995 to 13th Dec 1996

Responsibilities:


--- Page Break ---

vwrTvrovwrovwe vv

Marital status
Languages known
Present Address

Mob No

Date : 16" November2022
Place : Kolkata

Responsible for any break down call reported by customer.

Network Design & Implementation (LAN / WAN).

Installation of Hardware / Software and Network Devices

Maintenance and Upgrade of PCs and Laptops

Disaster Recovery process by backups & restore procedure.
Responsible for customer’s satisfaction with regards to service & support

Married
English, Urdu, Hindi, Bengali
H. No. 33, B. L. No. 3, P. O. Kankinara, Dist.: North 24
Parganas, Pin: 743126
9830110799
