CURRICULUM VITAE

 

NAME: Gurmeet Singh
FATHER’S NAME : Lt. S. Jaswant Singh
DOB : 02-March-1983
GENDER: MALE
ADRESS: H- 498 Phase 1“ Mohali
EMAIL ID e: a.gurmeet@ymail.com
Mobile no. 9876543498
OBJECTIVE:

= A challenging and rewarding position in a growth oriented organization where my skills
and experience can be utilized towards achieving the organization's goals.

Qualification:

BA from CMJ UNIVERCITY

Passed 1 Yrs diploma in Computer Hardware from CEDTI
Passed 1 Yrs diploma of Designing and programming.
Passed 6 months Diploma in Programming. (C,C+
+,VB,Palcal,Cobol).

Three months diploma in Typing

Vv VVV WV

Work Experience:

1) Worked in Connect for 6 months as a collection Executive cum Backend
from June 2005 to Nov2005.

Work Profile/ Job Responsibilities:

Handling cash counter, Field collection, Retention and barring process and MIS.

2) Worked in Vandy Coll. Solution PVT LTD. as a Asst. Manager
(Collection and Operation) from Dec 2005 to June 2008 for ABN AMRO
Credit Cards..

Work Profile/ Job Responsibilities:

All back up, Maintaining Allocation, Maintaining the record &data MIS, Cash Handling,
Also managing the portfolio of Ldh & Jal ABN (Auto/pl Cards Coll.). . Handling collection team in
Chandigarh (ABN Credit cards),


--- Page Break ---

3) Worked in GE Capital as a Sr. Operation Executive for SBI Credit Cards
from July 2008 to Oct 2013.

Work Profile/ Job Responsibilities:

Handling the agencies and vendors bills as admin (Validation, Uploading and payment
follow-ups MIS). Reporting Collection MIS to Operation Manager, Maintaining the files, records &data,
Handling Rt books and Audit the same. Handling the Letter heads and tracking . Maintaining and Share the
MIS (record for Rt books & Letter heads), Handling the Payment process (Cash and chq) and Audit of the
drop boxes for Punjab, Himachal, Haryana and Jammu. Handling walk-In Customers and issues received
from the Bank branches.

4) Worked in Magma Fincorp Ltd as Customer Service Officer since Nov
2013
Work Profile/ Job Responsibilities:
Handling walk-in customers and providing end to end solution for their queries, helping

in generating sale leads for sale team/ helping collection team for settlements, Handling coordination for
pan Punjab for customer service. Handling issuance of NOC to customers and other services.

I was promoted in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd as Customer Service
Manager (formally known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) in 2016

Work Profile/ Job Responsibilities:

Handling QRG and helping to maintain SLA PAN India for the same/ Cross Sell/ Delivering good
NPS/ Managing NOC delivery, Helping to resolve Customers complaints. I had given the training to call
center in 2017 and in 2021. Helping in various types of trainings to all the CS team time to time. I handled
Haryana region with my existing Punjab region from 2019 to Oct 2022.

Promoted to RCSM in Nov 2022 for North Region.

RELEVANT SKILLS:
= Good organizational skills and ability to work independently as well as in team.
= Relevant, efficient and dedicated towards organization.

= Good Advance knowledge of MS Excel.

HOBBIES:

" Meeting People, Traveling, Music,

Date:

Place:
(Gurmeet singh)


--- Page Break ---

