ANIRBAN DAS Date:

Contact Information

Address Vill+Post-Dhamua, P.S-Magrahat, Dist-24pgs(S),
Pin-743610, State-West Bengal

Cell phone no 9093133384

E-mail dasanirban0012@gmail.com

Personal Information

Father’s name Gopinath Das

Date of birth 02™ of December, 1985.

Place of birth Dhamua.

Citizenship Indian.

Gender Male.

Education

Passing Marks(approx)
LL.B. 2018 FAKIR MOHAN 56.3%
BALASORE )

2010 Calcutta University 42.46%
HIGHER SECONDARY 2005 W.B.C.H.S.E. 41.9%
MADHYAMIK 2001 W.B.B.S.E. 64.87%

Languages known:

 

  

 

e Bengali, Hindi, English.

Extra Qualification:

e Completed Computer teacher training course (SITD).
¢ Completed Hardware and networking.
e Accounting Packages: TALLY (9.2) from State Youth Centre.

Employment History

e Worked at Uveil group of company from FEB. 2011- AUG. 2012 as a computer
operator.

e Worked at Randstad India Ltd . As a Office Assistant at legal department. from
FEB. 2013- FEB. 2014 as a computer operator.

Job Responsibility:


--- Page Break ---

8.

9.

To enter in Agreement pending MIS fresh requisitions
received

To send the Agreement Pending MIS to Operations
Department showing various summaries (Delay days,
Recovery Bucket, Priority Basis, etc.)

To acknowledge receipt of Agreements received by
mail to Operations Department

To manually check the agreements received whether
they are completely filled up (Vehicle Regn. No.,
Model No. Engine No. Chassis No. etc.)

Segregate the agreements for branches and Legal
initiation from H.O.

Send Soft Copy of complete agreements received to
H.O Legal MIS for incorporating the same in the Legal
MIS

. Provide daily tracker to H.O. MIS department for

circulating to concerned persons

Follow up with Operations Department for providing
agreements to branches on urgent basis
Responsible for Dispatching diff. types of
Notarized & Other documents to Branch

10. Scanning diff. types of documents

e Currently working in Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (Formally known as Magma
Fincorp Limited) As a Executive at legal department. I’ve been working here

since February 2014.

Job Responsibility:

SwePNNDYMAY YE

Maintenance Legal MIS,

To prepare SOC.

To prepare Acceptance.

To prepare Minutes.

To prepare AD.

To prepare Award.

Payment updation.

To prepare Covering letter.

Sec-17 Order Mail Merge editing & Printing

_Responsible for Dispatching diff. types of

Summons, & Other documents to Party.

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information are authentic and
genuine and to the best of my knowledge. I understand that my CV will be
treated as invalid in case of any incorrect information found.

Anirban Das
