CURRICULUM- VITAE

YOGESH KUMAR

Voice: +919871993898 , 8826663898
Email: yogeshthakur88@gmail.com

CAREER STATEMENT

Looking for a high growth opportunity in organization providing a good working environment along with
suitable opportunities of professional development.

PROFILE

Confident, time management capability.

Can work efficiently in a group as well as an individual.

Conceptually strong with an innovative, detail-oriented and analytical approach to the work.
Self motivated, hard working and goal-oriented with a high degree of flexibility, creativity and
commitment.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company Name: Reliance General Insurance Co Ltd.
Duration: From Ist Jan 2011 to June 2013
Job Profile: Assistance operation department with claim.

Current Company Name: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd.
Duration: From July 2013 to Till Date.
Job Profile: Senior Executive Operations & Accounts.

Key Responsibilities Handled

a) Disbursement of Retail Asset (Asset Base Finance) loans like Car, Commercial
Vehicle, Construction Equipment, Suvidha & Captive Suvidha (Re-Finance).

b) Handling NOC department all over Delhi— NCR.

c) Insurance management of in house finance cases.

d) PDD Updation & Payment Updation of all products in Oracle also maintain the
MIS of PDD and Payment hand over.

e) Coordinate with the H.O. IAD Team for file quality audit & providing timely
resolution to IAD Team.


--- Page Break ---

f) Generating CIBIL & Enquiry updation in Oracle on the basis of data provided by
Sales Team.

g) Handling customer all types of queries like Insurance, RC updation, Welcome Letter,
Statement etc. And motivate customer for generating new business with the help of
cross selling of all products for Company.

h) Checking the Pre-login and Post Sanction File as per Company Policy and also
maintain the Operational compliance of the Company.

1) Checking Credit deviation on mail as case approved by credit.

j) Cash Counter handling as cash receipt from customer & receipt generation.

k) Keeping track of the sales and customer complaints.

Academic Qualifications

Graduate from MD University Rohtak.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Technology: MS Office, Internet

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Name : Yogesh Kumar

Father Name : Sh Ved Praksh

Date of Birth : 04" April 1988

Languages Known _ : Hindi & English

Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Making friends.

Address : H.No 12. Village — Ladholi , Fatehpur Billoch , Ballabgarh Faridabad -121004
Contact No : 9871993898

Place: FARIDABAD
Date: (Yogesh Kumar)
