Resume

S Dinesh Rao
Mobile No.-: +91 932 975 8783
E-mail-: sdineshrao@outlook.com

Career Objective:
To be a goal oriented and successful professional, | want to bring my enthusiasm and sense

of confidence to the organization and to the people | work with and serve the organization
with the best of my communication skills and knowledge.

Education:

INSTITUTE /UNIVERSITY

Pt. Ravi Shankar Shukla nd
BCom University 2

 

Intermediate M.P Board 2nd

 

X M.P Board 1°

 

 

Job Experience:

Working as Assistant Manager RCU in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (Formerly known as
Magma Fincorp Ltd.) Raipur, from 10" October 2016 to till date.

Worked as Customer Care Executive, Branch Operations in SBI Life Insurance co. Ltd.
Raipur, from 31** December 2012 to 06 January 2016.

Worked as Consumer Technical Support Consultant for Dell CTS in Sutherland Global
Services Ltd. Chennai. from 11th September 2012 to 29" December 2012.

Worked as Customer Care Executive, Branch Operations in Reliance Life Insurance co.
Ltd. Raipur, from 13" February 2012 to 07" September 2012.

Worked as Customer Credit Advisor in EXL Service, Noida for British Gas (UK process)
from 21* July 2008 to 4° June 2010.

Worked as Technical Support Executive in I-Energizer, Noida for EA Sports (Pogo.com)
(US process) from 02"? December 2004 to 02" May 2008.

 


--- Page Break ---

Job Profile:

In Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd | am working as:
Assistant Manager in Risk Containment Unit (Chhattisgarh)

Managing Risk activities like Screening & sampling for Retail Asset products (Auto Loan
New & Used, CV New & Used, Tractor (Now discontinued), SME,LAP,HL).

Supervise the work done by RCU agencies regularly and review of reports submitted.
Development of valid triggers across various products and its variant.

Sampling of applications, investigation into suspect fraud applications and taking
appropriate actions against the concerned DSE’s & DSAs as per the process and monitoring
recruitment of DSEs & DSAs.

Handling total 16 Branches in entire Chhattisgarh state.

Managing one RCU agency & conducting training of Sampler & Verifier.

Maintaining TAT of Sampled Cases.

Doing Investigation on all fraud cases in every month, Report to HR & Other stake holder of
Non-compliance issues.

Achievements in Magma Fincorp.
Identified / highlighted non-compliance issue of on-roll staff in Housing Finance, Tractor &

Car loan cases wherein some staffs have been given warning letters and some are asked to
leave.

In SBI Life | was responsible for:-

Underwriting and risk analysis of new business proposals as per company policies, KYC
and AML guidelines.

Accountable for approval, log in and receipting of the new business and renewal under
provided guidelines.
Looking into Bank Related Work & Documentation and Database quality checking.

Generate, maintain and analysis critical and other MIS report as per requirements of Head /
Branch office.

Coordinate between the Insurance Adviser and H.O. for various queries & Customer Service.
Handling customer service / policy servicing as per customers’ request / queries.

Looking after the office administration and handling the petty cash as per company’s
guideline.

In Dell CTS, | was Responsible to troubleshoot End Users Hardware technical issues for
their Dell desktops, laptops, monitors and printers. And once the issue is resolved to their
satisfaction | had to pitch for an up sale for various computer peripherals, components and
warranties to the customers.


--- Page Break ---

In Reliance Life | was responsible for:-

Underwriting and risk analysis of new business proposals as per company policy, KYC and
AML guidelines.

Accountable for approval, log in and receipting of the new business and renewal under
provided guidelines.

Looking into Bank Related Work & Documentation and Database quality checking.
Generate, maintain and analysis critical and other MIS report as per requirements of Head /
Branch office.

Coordinate between the Insurance Adviser and H.O. for various queries & Customer Service.
Handling customer service / policy servicing as per customers’ request / queries.

In EXL | was responsible to provide assistance to bankrupt customers’ queries via
correspondence.
In l-Energizer | was responsible to provide technical support to online gamers via phone
and E-mails.
Technical skills:

e One year Masters Diploma in Software technology.

e Proficient in Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 Applications
e Proficient in MS OFFICE and Internet Usage

Strengths:

e Good Communication Skills
e Team Worker
e Willpower and determination

Special Interests:

Listen to music.
Surf the net.

Language Known:

English: - Read, Write, Speak.
Hindi: - Read, Write, Speak.
Chhattisgarhi: Read, Write and Speak.


--- Page Break ---

Personality Profile Statement:

A person who is hard working and enthusiastic, | am a goal oriented person who can
shoulder responsibility very well and completes tasks to complete satisfaction.

Personal Details:

Name: - S Dinesh Rao
Fathers Name: - Mr S J Rao

Date of Birth: - 25 October1978
Marital Status: - Married
Permanent Address: S/O Mrs S S Rao

Chourasia Colony,
Behind Alpha Public School,

Boria Road,

Mathpurena

Raipur

Chhattisgarh - 492013
Phone Number: +91 932 975 8783
Declaration:

| hereby declare that the details furnished above are accurate and not ambiguous in any
form.

(S Dinesh Rao)
