RANJANI SINGH
Mobile - +91 9399309996 Email — ranjanisingh1604@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: -

To enhance my skill in a work related environment and learn new things that will make me a better
professional. Use my talents by putting them into good use for the benefit of the organization that I work for.

SYNOPSIS: -

A keen analyst with over 10 years of rich experience in recovery and cross selling. Currently working with
POONAWALLA Fincrop Ltd Earlier worked with Magma FINCORP LIMITED with same work A result
oriented with proven expertise in leading delinquent account and recovery planning. Demonstrated skills in
team supervision and relationship management.

SKILLS

Time management skills

Can work effectively as part of a team & can drive & motivate a team to achieve a common
goal.

Good inter-personal communications skills

Can fluently handle the various applications in the computer.

Excellent written communication & correspondence skills,

PERSONAL PARTICULARS

Name : Ranjani Singh

Date of Birth : 16 April 1983

Address : Q.No.- 4/1, St. No 87, Sector 6
Bhilai Nagar, Durg

Mobile No. : 9399309996

Email Id : ranjanisingh1604@gmail.com

Gender : Female

Total Experience : 10 year's
Languages Known — : English, Hindi

PROFESSIONAL OUTLINE SUMMARY

1) POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED Raipur ( Cross Selling like Used Car. Personal Loan.

Business loan etc) April 2022 to till time

2) Magma Fincorp Ltd Raipur
Collection Senior Executive (Jan 2012 - March 2022)

 


--- Page Break ---

Work Outline:-

Attend walk in customer in branch and generate lead for cross sale like ( BL, PL and used car
loan )

Working in EPC contract and generate revenue

Proper Data Bifurcation between Field Team

Collection of dues from strategic & difficult customers.

Tracking Due Date wise payment received.

Mapping of broken PTPS of bucket & work out for required follow up & resolution.
Managing the team performance & Handling Recovery of All Product (CV, CE, CAR,
SUV,Tractor).

Managed the portfolio of 900 delinquents’ account from Chhattisgarh

Generated revenue CBC & DPC

Daily monitoring and suggesting the required action for high value customer.
Maintain relation with customers & Handle the customer queries regarding loan
Experience of insurance cross sales as well as generations lead and follow up

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

M.A. from Raipur University,
B.A. from Raipur University
H.S.Cfrom MP Board

S.S.C from MP Board
PGDCA

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above information are true & correct of the best of my knowledge and
belief and in the event of any information being found false or incorrect, my candidature will be
liable to be canceled.

Place:

Date:

Bhilai Nagar

17/09/2022 (Ranjani Singh )

 
