Mr. SHIV SHANKAR SHARMA
Address: - Mohalla Brahamchari

Behind Ganga Temple

Alwar (Raj.) 301001

Contact No:- +91-8875678106

E-Mail:- shivenk25@gmail.com
Career Objective: -

To Work in a Organization Providing a dynamic environment which give me the opportunities to work & Let
growth in both thrums as professional and a personal and to make reputation in the organization by showing
excellence integrity as dedicated team member leading & Giddings from the front.

Current Working Status:-

Presently I am working with Poonawalla Fincorp Limited as a Sr. Executive in operation department from 9
October 2017

Current Job Responsibilities: -

Responsible to check the physical file as per credit policy and

process the auto Loan and Business Loan cases

Responsible to maintain data in open office Case

Preparation & Loan Eligibility Calculate

Responsible to check dedupe status.

Responsible to case preparation and forward to Reporting Manager for Approval.

Handling and management of cash collection and prepare relevant docs and send to concerns

All activities regarding vehicle insurance e.g., prepares insurance after taken follow up with customers and
concerns

Maintenance the office work like taking care of attendance. Maintenance office bills (expenses & Assets
maintenance) and verification of office assets.

Ensure that file is complete before approval and disbursement and review of monthly MIS of operations.
Communication with management and administrative activities such as custodian of audit related data, files,
Records, documents, working papers, and related activities.

Co-ordination with customer as well as field officer regarding collection of EMT’ s and other area.

Previous Job Experience: -

From 20th September 2010 to 8th October 2017 working with Shriram Transport Finance Co. Ltd.
As a senior executive in Business process department.

From April 2008 to Auguest 2010. Working in HDFC Bank Ltd. (On the roll of ADFC Pvt. Ltd.) as Junior Credit
Officer (Auto/TW) in Retail Credit Department at Alwar.

From Oct. 2007 to April 2008 worked with Pamac Finserve India Pvt. Ltd. (With HDFC Bank Ltd.) as
Credit Executive in Auto Loan / TW Loan Dept. at Alwar (Raj.).

From Oct. 2005 to Sept. 2007 Worked in M/S Gajendra Khandelwal & Co. (CA) as an Accountant

Previous Job Responsibilities: -
In PAMAC Finserve India Pvt. Ltd.: -

Responsible to check the physical file as per credit policy.

To Handling Login Process in Loan Operating System.

To maintain related data & Handling tracker in open office & MS
Office. Handling Process — Login to Disbursement of Auto/ TW files.
Sending Daily Mis to Reporting Boss.

To Manage Auto/ TW & Also Managing PL Product.


--- Page Break ---

M/S Gajendra Khandelwal & Co. (CA)

Accounting the data’s

To Handling All Record & Maintaining to all related data.
Fill the Income Tax Return

Maintain data records in MS Office & Tally

Technical Qualification:-

Diploma in Computer Application from Capital Computer in Alwar. (In 2005).
Diploma in Tally from Capita Computer in Alwar (In 2005)

Summary of Qualification:-

Bachelor’s

degree : - Commerce
In 2001 From Rajasthan University, Jaipur (Raj.)

Intermediate : - Commerce
In 1998 From Rajasthan Board, Ajmer (Raj.)

High School: -
In 1996 From Rajasthan Board , Ajmer ( Raj.)

Computer Skill’s:-
Operating System :- windows 98/xp/ms dos.
RDBMS :- Ms Access
External :- Internet & E-Commerce
Software :- Ms word / excel / power point / open office

Personal Traits / Qualities:-

Positive Attitude to Work & helpful for whole team.

Confident with good communication and presentation skills.
Punctual of time & Hardworking.

To Learn about some new technology.

Enjoy learning and implementing new methods and procedure.

Personal Information:-

Father Name : Sh. Nand Kishore Sharma
Date of Birth : 25 Feb.1982
Marital Status : married.
Language Known : Hindi & English.
Nationality : Indian.
Gender : Male
References: -
2. Mr. Ashwani kumar
1. Mr. DEEPAK TIWARI Shrivastva
DM ACM
HDFC BANK LTD Poonawalla Fincorp Itd.
Behror (Raj.) Alwar (Raj.)
Mob.: - 8302467897 Mob. 8696987686
Date:

Place : Alwar ( Shiv Shankar Sharma)
