RESUME

Rajaram Abhimanyu Tayade

H. No 14 at Post Bambhori,

Tal Dharangaon Dist Jalgaon
425002

Mob No. 9130010025/8007674763

E mail: rajaramtayade@rediffmail.com

OBJECTIVE

I would like to pursue a career in your reputed Organization, in which, I can apply my Knowledge and Skill to add value to
your Organization and also to myself. I would like to work for your Organization, which will provide me with opportunity to

learn and where I can make meaningful contributions to the Growth of your Organization.

COMPUTER LITERACY

Operating System Known : MS-WINDOWS 95, 98, XP

Others S/W : Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Power Point, Open Office,
Outlook Express, and Office Org.

CURRENT WORK EXPERIENCE
Currently working in Poonawalla Fincorp LTD, (Formerly known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) as a

Senior Executive, Accounts Ops since 21*' March 2016 to to till date.

JOB PROFILE
Credit and Loan Disbursement function.
OQ) Underwriting of the commercial Vehicle Loan, New Vehicle and Home Loan & LAP Loans and
Checks Disbursement and ensure collateral perfection.
UO) Processing and Verifying all the KYCs and income related docs for creation of proposals in

Oracle system.

0

Underwrite and approval of loans and ensure that all credit processes are follow and policy
norms are implemented.

Makes new insurance and its renewal.

Information given to walking customer about policy and loans

Follow up with Branch Manager and Sales persons for any type of requirement.

Prepare all types of MIS required by reporting authority.

Maintain all records as per audit requirement.

Process disbursement of home loan and LAP

Raised Payment requisition in same loans

Initiation of FI report

COoOOODOOCO DSO

Analysis of credit file while processing of disbursement.


--- Page Break ---

Oocovcoo

Scrutiny of legal documents regarding collateral in home loan and LAP (PDD Docs)
Updating PDD and OTC docs in System

Working in Oracle System.

Cross sale of home loans and LAPs by providing leads from market.

Customer service desk

PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE
Currently working in Birla Sun life Insurance Co. Ltd. as a Customer Service Executive since
215' November 2014 to 20° March 2016.

JOB PROFILE

a
a

a
a

Initial Scrutiny and Basic data entry of Proposal forms.

Co-ordination with Sales Manager, Training Institutes & Candidates for smooth & proper
Insurance Advisor recruitment training.

To assist Sales & Marketing officials in arranging Insurance Advisor meets & other sales
promotion activities.

Process new recruited Insurance Advisors form and arrange their exam.

Process of licensing and coding on online system.

Maintenance Books of Records e. g. Branch Fixed Assets Register & details of sales literature
& other promotional material.

Process & reconciliation of Bills of various vendors.

Interact with walk-in/telephonic support to the customers.

Responsible for overall smooth working & stabilization of the whole branch.

PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE
Currently having Distibutership of Uninor from 10° December, 2011 to till date.

JOB PROFILE

 

Ooococvocvovo do

OO

Handles the Sales persons having under our distributionship.

Regular Co-ordination with Company’s Sales Manager and Regional Manager.

Check all application forms received from sales team and solve the exception of forms.
Maintains proper stock of transfer, voucher and SIM cards handed over the sales persons.
Data of entry of application form on Speedoc system provided by company.

Scanning of all documents.

Followup with sales team and Retailers to maintain TAT.

Responsible for record management and update important information including legal
documents.

Maintained all types of data regarding Application form.

Responsible for overall smooth working & stabilization of the distributionship.


--- Page Break ---

PREVIOUS JOB EXPERIENCE

Previously was working with Reliance Life Insurance Co. Ltd. as a Operations Executive Since
June 2010 to 8'" December, 2011.

JOB PROFILE

QO) Basic data entry of proposal forms on online system provided by the company.

OQ) Initial scrutiny of Insurance proposal forms.

OQ) Co-ordination with Agency Managers, Training Institutes & Candidates for smooth &
proper Insurance Advisor recruitment training.

UO) Prepare & Maintain MIS as required by reporting authority.

UO) To assist Sales & Marketing officials in arranging Insurance Advisor meets & other sales
promotion activities.

QO) To process new recruited Insurance Advisors form and arrange their exam.

UO) Process of licensing and coding on online system.

QO) Maintenance Books of Records e. g. Branch Fixed Assets Register & details of sales literature
& other promotional material.

U8 Process & reconciliation of Bills of various vendors.

OQ) Interact with walk-in/telephonic support to the customers.

UO) Responsible for overall smooth working & stabilization of the whole branch.

PREVIOUS JOB EXPERIENCE
Previously was working with Fullerton India Credit Co. Ltd. as a Branch Processing Officer
Since August 2007 to April 2010.

JOB PROFILE
O) The Job Profile includes processing of Loan application of Personal, Commercial Vehicle,

Secured loans. ( Loan against Immovable Property & Loan against Purchase of Property)

QO To do Initial scrutiny of all KYC documents and loan documents.

UO) Processing includes from Login to the Final Disbursal of the loan application.

QO) Login the case on on-line system provided by company.

OU) Preparing the Cam Sheet as per Policy & Sent to same Mumbai Operations.

QO) Company has tie-up with ICICI Lombard and LIC and I do the Initial scrutiny of Insurance
proposal forms.

QO) Basic data entry of Insurance proposal forms on online system provided by the company.

UO) To solve any requirements within TAT.

UO) Prepare & Maintain MIS as required by reporting authority.

PREVIOUS JOB EXPERIENCE

Previously was working in ICICI Bank Ltd. (Two Wheeler Loan Finance), Jalgaon as a
Associate on roll of I Process Services Pvt. Ltd. (Service Provider of ICICI Bank Ltd.) during June
2004 to July 2007.

JOB PROFILE


--- Page Break ---

QO Job profile includes process of loan application of Two Wheeler.

QO Basic data entry on Application Processing System

QO Responsible for credit approval of Two Wheeler cases.

Q To give credit calls in the market and issue a delivery order to deliver the vehicle.

QO Handle customers at dealer point for spot loan sanctions.

QO Prepare daily and monthly MIS reports.

QO Responsible for record management and update important information including legal
documents.

Q Achieve credit assessment target within the required TAT.

QO Co-ordinate with internal agencies like Field Verification Agency, RCU Agency, Operations and

Collections department.

Academic record

Education College Percentage

 

B.A. Sir Parshuram Bhau College, Pune. 55.57%

 

 

H.S.C Sir Parshuram Bhau Mahavidyalaya, Pune 56.50%
S.S.C Bhairavnath Vidyalaya, Pune 52.57%

CERTIFIED COURSES
O) Diploma in Computer Application (DCA)
QO) Typing Courses : English 40 WPM and Marathi 30 WPM

 

FIELDS OF INTEREST

Q Banking, Finance, Insurance, Accounting.

LANGUEAGES KNOWN
Q Marathi, Hindi & English

KEY SKILLS
Q Service orientation & ability to take higher responsibilities.
Q Interpersonal Relationship.
Q Aptitude towards Administrative and Management Skills.
Q Decision Making (Within the Limitation and Authorities)

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Name : Rajaram Abhimanyu Tayade
Permanent Address : A/P. Bambhori Pracha,
Near Shiv Mandir, Tal. Dharangaon,
Dist. Jalgaon.

Phone Number : 0257 2258075.

 


--- Page Break ---

Cell No.

Date of Birth
E mail

Marital Status
Children’s

: 8007674763 & 9130010025.
: 21% Nov 1976.
: rajaramtayade@rediffmail.com

: Married.

: Two Sons
