Curriculum Vitae

Vishal Sharma Local Address:
House No. C-201, Chandrapuri colony,
Near Dholipyau, Mathura.
Contact No. : +91-7830020721,
+91-9368662056

Email: vishalom1983@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:-

I am hard working person with a positive attitude towards the life, always keep learning more and new
technology. Looking forward for the right opportunity to prove my self for the organization, through my
technical skills and ability. I am ready to accept the challengers entrusted upon me to achieve the organization
goals.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:-

Chola Mandlam Finance Pvt Ltd:- Aug - 2018 to Till date
Sr. Executive

> Responsible for all Cash and cheque of Customer and Dealers.

> Responsible for all sales files check and punch with in TAT.

> Responsible for all Operation quires and disbursal and processing Customer and Dealers payment At
Mathura Branch.

> Manage the 100 % Branch TAT.

HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited:- August 2014 — Aug 2018
Sr. Associate Customer Relations

> Delivering high standards of client service, at the same time ensuring that all internal and external standards
requirements are met. Ensuring all customer queries are resolved before it gets escalated to higher management.
Ensuring all data to be called over under Lapsation as per agreed timeline and persistency and Login target
complete month on month.

>Ensuring all claims to be settled within agreed timeline. Perform quality checks to ensure that defined
guideline is adhered. Support in preparing of MIS required for management decision making.

> Always ready to heandle any extra responsibility given by DM or ROM. Week wise planing to achieve the
KPI base target like New Business, Revival, Aversion, etc.

Telenor Pvt Ltd:- Dec-12 to Aug-14
CAF Activation Officer

> Responsible for calling the distributor to inform about new guidelines.
> CAP reports and Operation Quires management (Agra) zone i.e. (Barring & unbarring queries, etc).
>» Daily bases reporting against CAP collection from distributors.


--- Page Break ---

Chola Mandlam Finance Pvt Ltd:- October - 11 to Dec-12
Branch Operation Excutive

> Responsible for all Cash and cheque of Customer and Dealers.

> Responsible for all sales files check and punch with in TAT.

> Responsible for all Operation quires and disbursal and processing Customer and Dealers payment At
Mathura Branch.

> Manage the 100 % Branch TAT.

Management Advisory & Development Service Pvt. Ltd:- 4 Year Experiance
SEF and MEF Auditor — Airtel and MTS Co.

> Responsible for calling the distributors franchise & ARC to inform about new guidelines.

> SEF reports and Operation Quires management (Agra & Aligarh) zone i.e.(Barring & unbarring queries,
etc).

>» Daily bases reporting against APEF collection from distributors.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:-

> Graduation from Agra University.
> M.B.A. From Vinayaka University (Directorate of Distance Education, Tamilnadu).

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:-

> MS-Office, Internet
> DTP( DESKTOP PUBLICATION )

PERSONAL DETAIL:-

Father’s Name : Shri Narendra Sharma

Date Of Birth : 12" July 1984.

Martial Status : Married

Strength : Confident, Good Communication Skills
Innovative Ideas & Always to Learn More n
More.

Hobbies : Learn Computer, Net Surfing, Listening Music,

PERSONALITY TRAITS:-

> Responsible and self motivated.
> Can work in a team as well as alone.
> Work hard and have faith in God.

Declaration: -
I hereby declare that the facts stated above are authentic and true to best of my knowledge.


--- Page Break ---

Date : ...........00
Place: Agra (vishal sharma)
