MR. SUNIL RAJENDRA VALMIKI
Dhobighat Rahiwasi Sangh, Room no 2 Fr. Peter Pereira Rd

Christian Village Kurla West Mumbai-400070
CONTACT

Email ID-valmikisunil42 @gmail.com
Mobile No. - 08291989971/09768575410

 

Personal Information:

Date of Birth : 29'" January 1987
Nationality Indian

Gender Male

Marital Status Married

Language Known ; English, Marathi, Hindi

Educational Qualification :

e B.COM ISBM University
e =6H.S.C. Mumbai Board
e S.S.C. Mumbai Board

Computer Literacy:

— Very well knowledge of MS-Excel (MS Office), Power Point
— MS-Power Point & Internet explorer.

Additional Qualification:

> English Typing Speed 22 WPM with 85% accuracy

 


--- Page Break ---

Professional Overview

Current J ob Profile:

Sr. Branch Operation in POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS MAGMA FINCORP LTD)

Working from 18 Feb 2019 till date.

Key Responsibilities:

— Working as Sr. Branch Operations in Thane Location and before pandemic in Vidyavihar Location. Also, FPR for Maharashtra
BL locations.

Handling Products like BL, LTP and Auto lease (Vehicle Loan.

Checking Post Sanctioned documents, Sanctioned condition, and CAM (Credit Approval memo) as per the policy parameter
of the company.

Ensured that all the disbursement documents were non-discrepant and accurate data entry for disbursement of documents.
Responsible for all Audit query like internal and External Audit.

Monitoring daily Audit Compliances raised by Auditor and Ensuring requirements to be fulfilled within the TAT.
Managed escalations, Complaints and queries raised by customers and ensured prompt resolutions of the same.
Handling disbursement activity as per the company policy parameter.

Co-Ordinating with the HO Arthur team for making the disbursement in customer account

Updating PDD in system after post disbursement, working on Oracle Software for disbursement

Removing NOC from Oracle system.

Removing Manual Cibil for Collection purpose or any mismatch in KYC.

Printing and dispatch disbursement CHQ for all products of Mumbai Location and dispatching Branch wise.
Dispatching disbursement files to HO in TAT and tagging the POD in system and maintaining the MIS.

Working on Outlook, Finnone, Oracle and LOS software for disbursement process.

Previous J ob Profile:
Operation Executive in Barota Finance Limited (06% Nov 2017 to 07% Nov 2018 ).
Key Responsibilities:
Handling Disbursement and working closely with the account team to process the payment.
Removing CIBIL and also checking the overdue outstanding & score.
Updating the Emi payment in the Recon file and checking the MR receipt duplication.
Maintaining the compile Money Receipt file for Recon purpose.
Co-Ordinating with the sales executive, Backoffice executive & State Head on the queries in the disbursement docs.
Doing Tele verification calls pre-disbursement and forwarding for final approval.
Filling agreement form as per KYC details and other documents.

Preparing Repayment schedule and couriering the same State wise.

 


--- Page Break ---

Checking and Maintaining the Original Docs details as per checklist for Audit purpose.

Checking the Registration Certificate and releasing the holdback amount.

Uploading KYC details on www.ckyc.in and updating the same in Master file.

Releasing daily MIS of Registration certificate, Trade advance, Business and EMI collection report on daily basis to Company
CEO and management.

— Sharing suspense file and coordinating with Accounts Team.
Profile:
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt Ltd as a Sr. MIS for 4months.
Key Responsibilities:

Monitoring on Attendance & Attrition data on Spine software.

Removing attendance dump and sharing the same with the Pan India Branches.

Co-Ordinating with the Branch HR related to Employee Uniform, Banking details of employee & Sim requirement.
Preparing Salary data on basis of Attendance for on Roll and Off Role employees.

Removing offer letter, Appointment letter and confirmation letter.

Couriering the Letters to Pan India Branches.

Generating Employee code and giving Biometric excess.

Removing Incentives Dump from DMS of Maruti Suzuki site.

Preparing Incentives data.

Processing Vodafone & Airtel payment.

flillldlblld

Profile:
C & C CONSULTANT INDIA Pvt. Ltd as a Corporate Collection Manager for 3 years (015 J uly 2014 to 19% J uly 2017).
Key Responsibilities:

Preparing & Checking the Daily Run Rate Report.

Analysis of Bill Cycles.

Maintaining Daily Collection MIS and sharing with team and Vodafone Client.

Monitoring on Attendance & Attrition

Daily updates of Collection value on different segments.

Preparing Reconnection target report and sharing it with the team.

Making Separate DRR for CC team & Field Team

Client Co-ordination & Review Attendance.

Coordinating with Relationship managers for company accounts or any Customer Dispute.

ABCD Grading (TL wise) Analysis to identify areas of focus and plan actionable to ensure performance improvement.

flludliliddbd

Profile:

Working with Andromeda Marketing Pvt Ltd as a Relationship Collection Manager in Andheri East for tenure of 2 years (16 April 2012 to
30 J une 2014).

Key Responsibilities:

Daily MIS Reports to Senior Management.

Resolving Collections and Billing related issue.

Doing all Vodafone Backoffice activities related to Collection Process.
Visiting Corporate to resolve the ongoing collection issue.

Communicating through MS Outlook, official Cell phone.

Reconcile the outstanding accounts and sharing the same with Corporate.
Posting the payments done by the corporate cell number wise.

Removing reports from the Vodafone CRM.

fllldiddd

 


--- Page Break ---

Previous Profile:

Responsible for handling the entire Vodafone Tele calling Collection process in Mumbai.

Andromeda Marketing Private Limited for 5 years (20% Sep 2007- 10 April 2012.

Key Responsibilities:

Handling agents on the floor and focusing on the targets which are set by the Vodafone Bankers.

Doing all the Vodafone Backoffice activities like reconnection, payment updating, Bill request and mapping the payments.
Maintaining attendance Roster on daily basis.

Research and Development on alternate days on the collection data to get the target.
Working on calling software CC Pulse like Wrap time, Actual calling time Etc.

Personal Strength:

e Understanding & helping in nature.

flldd

e =Ability to work in group.

e Honesty hard working.

Declaration:

| hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge& belief. | shall be

responsible for any action, if any of the above statements are incorrect at my stage in future.

Thanking You.

You're faithfully,
Mumbai

(Sunil Rajendra Valmiki)

 
