SUMIT KUMAR

ADDRESS: C/O- SH. PRADEEP GARG

304, ANAND VIHAR COLONY, SHREENAGAR , HAPUR,
DISTRICT- HAPUR, UTTAR PRADESH, 245101
CONTACT NO: 91-8586810032, 7906633166

Email: Sumit2009gupta@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE |

¢ Excellent communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new
concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner.

“+ Holds the credentials of working in Legal Industry and having the understanding of various service
offerings in Legal facets

“ Representing and attending hearings on behalf of Association, Law Firm, Bank before District Courts
/Consumer Courts /Lok Adalat /Magistrates / Sessions Court etc.

“+ Preparing Notices, Applications, Complaints and filing and pursuing the same, maintaining the
Records, Data Entry etc.

“+ Control the Pre-NPA cases and collect max penal charges from the portfolio

** Reconnection from delinquent bucket and preparing collection plans, delegating the targets and
developing overall and Case specific strategies to recover money.

“* Managing the legal process of settlement, ensuring approval for all settlement accounts with due
diligence.

¢ Finalizing terms & conditions of contracts and settlement agreements; performing analysis to ensure
that contracts are within negotiated & agreed-upon parameters.

“+ Loss on sale/seized and sold recovery through costumer visit, guarantor visit, legal initiation, Police

Liaoning court process server and court Ameen coordination.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

> LL.M. from, Swami Vivekanand Subharti University, Meerut in 2011.
> LL.B. from Krishna College of Law, Bijnor, M.J.P. Rohilkhand University, Bareilly in 2009.
> B.Com. from Sahu Jain College, Najibabad, M.J.P. Rohilkhand University, Bareilly in 2005.
> Intermediate From UP Board Allahabad in 2002.
> High School From UP Board Allahabad in 2000.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
POONAWALLA FINCORP/HOUSING LIMITED Sep’19-Still Working

Assistant Manager Legal

 

@ Super Vision & Maintain the legal cases for Collection of ABF, SME, LAP & HOUSING loans in NPA cases.
e Recovery of the receivable from the individual subscriber.


--- Page Break ---

e Recovery of receivable from small & medium enterprises, TW & FW Customer and coordinating with field
Executive.

e Coordinate with collection team for giving good effect for recovery in above bkts 3+ or 90 DPD.

e Recovery made possible through meeting with customers in mediation and visit to customers.

e Setting of targets, monitoring high value cases for field-Executive and tele-caller.

e Collection planning and follow up with chronicle customers for recoveries.

e Analysis and segregation of defaulting clients into hard & soft cases field-executive and tele-caller.

e Manage the allotted, assigned MIS regarding collection.

e Represent for company in various District Courts in the matter of complaints U/s 138 N. |. Act, Civil Suits,
156(3) Cr.P.C. Coordination with Advocates, service of summons and execution of warrants of attachment
and arrest.

e Handling Cases under SARFAESI Act 2002 in DRT recovery & collection.

e Handling and Co-coordinating the matter under SARFESAI Act. Notice for recovery and attachment
proceeding and Verification of case matter under SARFESAI Act.

e Handling legal matter U/Sec 9 of Arbitration and Conciliation Act in the court.

e Represent the legal cases & Liasoning work with police department.

e Coordinate with panel Advocates and court staff for attachment of Loan properties.

e Pursue the Execution of warrants of attachment & Warrants of arrest issued by the Court.

CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT & FINANCE CO. LTD. May’2017 - Sep’19
Legal Executive (Collection Legal)

e Loss on sale/seized and sold recovery through costumer visit, guarantor visit, legal initiation, Police
Liaoning court process server and court Ameen coordination.

e Recovery of receivable from C.V. Customer and coordinating with field Executive.

e Coordinate with collection team for giving good effect for recovery in above bkts 3+ or 90 DPD.

e Recovery made possible through meeting with customers in mediation and visit to customers.

e §=Collection planning and follow up with chronicle customers for recoveries.

e Analysis and segregation of defaulting clients into hard & soft cases with field-executive.

e Super Vision & Maintain the legal cases for Collection of C.V. Loans in NPA cases.

e Represent for company in various District Courts in the matter of complaints U/s 138 N. |. Act, Civil Suits,
156(3) Cr.P.C. Coordination with Advocates, service of summons and execution of warrants of attachment
and arrest.

e Handling legal matter U/Sec 9 of Arbitration and Conciliation Act in the court.

e Coordinate with panel Advocates and court staff for attachment of Loan properties.

e Pursue the Execution of warrants of attachment & Warrants of arrest issued by the Court.

e Working in association with Advocates, police, Tehsildar court staff and other government authorities.

e Provide Summon/Warrant copy to collection tam as required by collection team

e Meeting with accused and guarantor for settling the case

INTEC CAPITAL LIMITED Sep’2015- Dec’16
Assistant Manager Legal

e Handling the SME portfolio from Bucket-1 to Bucket- 3 focused area is to control the NPA and collect max
penal charges from my portfolio.

e Ensuring reconnection from delinquent bucket, etc. and preparing collection plans, delegating the targets
and developing overall and case specific strategies to recover money.

e Working in association with Advocate, police & court staff.


--- Page Break ---

Serve the copy of legal notice to borrower Company and its guarantors.
Responsible for sharing the weekly updates and Analysis with the top management for Collection & Legal.
Meeting with accused in Mediation cell and Lok Adalat for settling the case.

CHOLAMANDALAM INVESTMENT & FINANCE CO. LTD. March’2014- Aug’15
Process-Incharge Legal Coordination (Delhi)

Loss on sale/seized and sold recovery through costumer visit, guarantor visit, legal initiation, Police
Liaoning court process server and court Ameen coordination.

Recovery of receivable from C.V. Customer and coordinating with field Executive.

Coordinate with collection team for giving good effect for recovery in above bkts 3+ or 90 DPD.
Recovery made possible through meeting with customers in mediation and visit to customers.

Collection planning and follow up with chronicle customers for recoveries.

Analysis and segregation of defaulting clients into hard & soft cases with field-executive.

Super Vision & Maintain the legal cases for Collection of C.V. Loans in NPA cases.

Represent for company in various District Courts in the matter of complaints U/s 138 N. |. Act, Civil Suits,
156(3) Cr.P.C. Coordination with Advocates, service of summons and execution of warrants of attachment
and arrest.

Handling legal matter U/Sec 9 of Arbitration and Conciliation Act in the court.

Coordinate with panel Advocates and court staff for attachment of Loan properties.

Pursue the Execution of warrants of attachment & Warrants of arrest issued by the Court.

Working in association with Advocates, police, Tehsildar court staff and other government authorities.
Provide Summon/Warrant copy to collection tam as required by collection team

Meeting with accused and guarantor for settling the case

AKASH KAUSHAL ADVOCATE Aug’2011- Feb’2014
Associate Lawyer (Delhi)

v

Represented Matrimonial matters, Consumer Forums, others Tribunals etc. in all the district court
Delhi.

Compiling monthly Legal MIS of 138 Cases and Civil Matters.

Dealt with the Criminal/Civil matters, Complaint U/s 138 N.I. Act., Recovery Suit (Ordinary and
Summary Suit), State Commission and Execution in all the District Courts.

Represented in District Courts. D.R.T and High Courts and others Forums also.

TECHNICAL CREDENTIALS

Working Knowledge in Computer MS Office, MS Excel, MS Word, Typing, Email and Internet.
Account and M.I.S Preparation in Computer.

Knowledge of working in Computer Application.


--- Page Break ---

PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name: Late. Sh. RoopBasant Gupta
Date of Birth : 5" July. 1984.

Marital Status: Married

Linguistic Ability : English, Hindi,

Permanent Address Mohalla- Kayasthan, Gali no-5

Chandpur, District- Bijnor, Pin code- 246725

Current Address: Sumit Kumar C/O Pradeep Garg
H.No. 304, Anand Vihar Colony, Shree nagar ,
Hapud. Dist. Hapur, U.P.

Current CTC- 4.9 LACK ,P.A.
NOTICE PERIOUDS 60 DAYS

Date: 21/07/2022

(Sumit Kumar)
