G. VINODH,

S/o. Suryanarayana,

Door no 4-7-58,

Miriyala colony,
Anakapalli,
Visakhapatnam.

Mobile No:9989788868
Vinodh.gatreddy@gmail.com

 

Skills

Core

Competencies

 

e A result oriented professional with over 18 years experience in Business
Development, Sales & Service Operations, Collection Management, Relationship
Management and Team Management..

° Hands on experience in exploring and developing new markets, accelerating
growth & achieving desired sales goals.
e Expertise in formulating marketing & sales strategies, promotion plans and

new product launch for new business generation Through Dealers.
An effective communicator with good presentation, relationship building and
organizational skills.

Business Development

Developing and implementing marketing plans

to assure achievement of

agreed to budget, volume, and market share and profit objectives.

Formulating & implementing strategies for acquiring business from clients and using
potential of existing dealers.

Sales & Marketing
Exploring potential business avenues thereby achieving increased business

growth and initiating market development efforts.

Managing sales & marketing operations; conducting sales promotional
activities & new product launches as a part of brand building & market
development effort. Conducting competitor market analysis for keeping
abreast of prevalent market structure and enhancing the market share.

Channel Management
Establishing strategic alliances / tie-ups with financially strong and reliable

Dealers; implementing effective strategies to maximize sales and achieve
targets.

Building new business partners to expand product reach in the market and
coordinating with dealers and sub dealers to assist them to promote
productsscheams.

Key Account Management
Building and maintaining healthy business relations with dealers and

customer, enhancing dealers,subdealers and customer satisfaction matrices by
achieving delivery & service quality norms.

Monitoring post service activities like follow up with the customers, service
reminders and handling customer grievances for superior customer service.

People Management
Leading, training & monitoring to ensure efficiency in business operations and

meeting of individual & group targets.
Conducting meetings for setting up sales objectives and designing or
streamlining processes to ensure smooth functioning of sales operations.


--- Page Break ---

Education

Experience

B.A, From Andhra University.
INTER (CEC) From Board Of Inter Mediate Education.
SSC from Board Of Secondary Education.

Experience : 01

MAGMA FINE CORP
vinodh.gatreddi@magma.co.in

TEAM LEADER (BKT 91-450) 13" April 2020 to Till now

In my under 5 Locations Srikakulam, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Rajamundry,
Bheemavaram & Team size is 5 no’s Sr.Collection Officers in My Under Reporting to Me.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for Collection of outstanding amount from ABF loans
Defaulters through In house Collections Team, Field Collection Officers, Collection

Co-ordination with Policy (if policy permits) and Legal bodies for collection of
Bad debts from Defaulters.

Selection and recruitment of Collection Officers.

Responsible for Managing Cost & Waivers within the budget given for the zone
Effective management of stress accounts by identifying them in correct time and
thereby reducing Flow..

Experience : 02

INDIABULLS CONSUMER FINANCE, RAJAHUNDRY
Gatreddi.vinodh@indiabull.com
COLLECTION MANAGER (0-30) FEB-2019 to CURRENT

Team size is 27 no’s Collection Officers in My Under Reporting to Me. Review of
account allocations and collections targets by bucket to Collections reps; resolution of
exceptions in allocation, NPA Management, Maintaining Database, Reporting the
immediate manager,Cash Management, Deposits, M-Collect & Receipt Book

Management.

Achievements:

Last 3 Month Achieved the Individual Targets 99.00% & Branch Targets 98.50% 0-30
BKT.

Achieved the Every Months Full Incentives As per Policy

As Per Policy Collecting the ODBC Chargers Individual Collection Officer Targets
Good relationship with the staff and officers.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for Collection of outstanding amount from Personal loans
Defaulters through In house Collections Team, Field Collection Officers, Collection

Co-ordination with Policy (if policy permits) and Legal bodies for collection of
Bad debts from Defaulters.

Selection and recruitment of Collection Officers.

Responsible for Managing Cost & Waivers within the budget given for the zone
Effective management of stress accounts by identifying them in correct time and
thereby reducing Flow..


--- Page Break ---

Experience Experience : 03

ICICI BANK LIMITED, VISAKHAPATNAM

http://www. icicibank.com
Debit Manager-A uto Loans (All Bkts) J an-2017 to Oct-2018

Review of account allocations and collections targets by bucket to agencies/ Collections
reps; resolution of exceptions in allocation, NPA Management, Maintaining Database,
Reporting the immediate manager,Cash Management, Deposits, Cross Selling Products,

Receipt Book Management.
Responsibilities:

e Responsible for Collection of outstanding amount from Auto Loans Defaulters through
In house Collections Team, Field Collection Executives, Collection A gencies, FOS.

e Tracing and Lien marking of customers I-Bank accounts for recovery of
outstanding amount.

e Co-ordination with Policy (if policy permits) and Legal bodies for collection of
Bad debts from Defaulters.

e Selection and recruitment of Collection Agencies and Collection Executives.

e Responsible for Managing Cost & Waivers within the budget given for the zone
¢ Effective management of stress accounts by identifying them in correct time and
thereby reducing NPA’s.

Experience : 04
Indusind Bank Limited Consumer Finance Division at Anakapalle
Deputy Manager
since 2013 to Jan 2017.

Tasks Handled.
e Take care of 6Branchens in my anakapalli Hub.
e Maintaining business and collection portfolio on day by day.
e Verifying day to day operation works.

Achievements:
e Achieve every quarterly budget.
e Maintaining NPA as per bank norms.
e Good relationship with the staff and officers.

Experience : 05
Marketing officer in Indusind Marketing and Financial Services
Pvt Ltd.,Tuni branch East Godavari Region.

Tasks Handled.
e Support functionary for VARUN TWO WHEELEARS AND SAI RAM
AUTOMOBILES.

e Sourcing BUSINESS from the allotted Dealers.
e Maintaining business and collection portfolio.

Achievements:
e Consistently achieved the set targets month on month.
e Been prominent among all the support functionaries in terms ofdiscipline
and effort levels.
e Stood topper for the financial year 2011-12 and 2012-13.


--- Page Break ---

Personnel Info

Experience : 06
Marketing officer in Indusind Marketing and Financial Services
Pvt Ltd., Nellore branch Nellore Region.

Tasks Handled.
e Support functionary forMain dealer of A M REDDY AUTOMOBILES AND
SARUYU AUTO AND M.G BROTHERS AUTOMOBILES AND SRI SHIRIDI
SHA AUTOMOBILES.
e Sourcing BUSINESS from the allotted Dealers.
e Maintaining business and collection portfolio.

Achievements:
e Consistently achieved the set targets month on month.
e Been prominent among all the support functionaries in terms ofdiscipline
and effort levels.
e Nellore Region2nafor the financial years 2008 to 2010.

Experience : 07
Worked as a Field Investigation officer in Allfin Services and
Solutions Pvt Ltd., AnakapalliVisakhapatnam Region.
Tasks Handled
e Maintaining Field Investigation and collection portfolio.
Achievements:
e Maintaining NPA as per bank norms.

Name : Gatreddi Vinodh
Father’s name : G.Suryanarayana

Mother’s name:

Date of birth : O8nAug 1983

Nationality : Indian

Marital status : Married

Languages known : English, Telugu

Permanent Address : D.NO: 4-7-58,
Miriyala colony,
Anakapalli,

Visakhapatnam —531001.

G.Vinodh
