CURRICULUM VITAE

ANSHUL MISHRA

95A Colonel GnajCanttFatehgarh
Farrukhabad, Uttar Pradesh

Contact No:-7081795119

Mail Id: -anshulmishral993@gmail.com

SUMMARY: -
e Enthusiastic Finance & Accounting and Collection professional with Two years’
experience. In Collection An astute & result oriented professional with
extensive experience in managing Collections, Sales & Recoveries

Development &, Relationship Management & Team Management.

Accounts Executive who excels at analyzing, prioritizing, and completing tasks in a

professional manner. Strong organizational, technical, and analytical skills.
OBJECTIVES:-

Seeking a fulfilling position in the Finance Firm that offers growth opportunities and
allows me to utilize my leadership skills and experience.To seek challenging assignment and
responsibility, and career advancement as successful achievements.

EDUCATION:-

M.B.A From Integral University Lucknow.

B.Com From Kanpur University 2012.

Certificate of CCC

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:-
POONAWALLA_ FINCORP LIMITED

As a senior operation and collection executive 11/02/2021 to till date

¢¢ Review loan request and assess client financial status also check Evaluate creditworthiness

and risks

¢- Devising effective strategy with a view to achieve Collections & Recoveries target
and profitability of the organization

¢ Talk to our existing customer for taking refinance making IRR and other required detail.

¢ Ensure service oriented effective take calling to restrict the net flows 0 to 30.

¢* Responsible for resolve, given collection data by senior for collecting EMI by call and Visit


--- Page Break ---

Follow-up.
Presently looking accounts Department Customer care division & Ops Department.

Receiving Files from Sales Exe. & resolve the LOGIN related queries with in TAT

Deal with customer for taking Refinance calling done data provide by company.

Cholmondeley invest and finance comp.|td

As a deputy officer from 22/11/2019 to 31/10/2020

Review loan request and assess client financial status also check Evaluate creditworthiness
and risks

Pitch the customer for general insurance and life insurance.
Contacts clients to gather financial data and documentation

Analyze risks and approval or reject loan request and calculate financial ratio credit score and
interest rate.

Setup payment plane .
Invoice exception

Check proper documents for loan purpose

Mahindra And Mahindra financial services Itd:

As Account department : from 10/08/2018 to 22/11/2019 :

Handled various accounting transactions.

Responsible for processing/ documentations of Loans & other financial services
Assisted with quarterly audit preparation and closing report.

Coordinated with senior accountant to analyzed fixed assets additions and retirement ..
Maintaining register like RC,INVOICE AND INSHURENCE,CHEQUE REGISTER ..
Invoice exceptions clearing

Quick response to query mails ,submit need based data to manager. Passing entry in local
cheques.

Ensuring proper KYC profiling of customers.

Pitching customer for General insurance and life insurance also mutule funds.


--- Page Break ---

Muthoot Finance Ltd, Farrukhabad, Uttar Pradesh
Accounts Executive, April 2015 — O3august 2017

Responsible for processing/ documentations of Loans & other financial services.

Responsible for calling data Given by senior for collecting EMI and Visit
Also.

Visit on NPA Customer and resolve them and try to stablish.
Reporting to the Regional collection manager.
Responsible for handling CBS/ CRM.

Monitor and control Delinquency and Credit losses in assigned territory.

Identifying collection opportunities, decrease NPA cases and offering successful
tools/services. Controlling the delinquency

Devising effective strategy with a view to achieve Collections & Recoveries target
and profitability of the organization

Ensure updating of database for account holder’s change of address & contact
numbers

Taking care of the collection with focus on achieving predefined collection target and
growth. Forecasting and planning monthly & quarterly collection targets and
executing them in a given time frame. Analyzing latest NPA trends and tracking
competitors’ activities and providing valuable inputs for fine tuning recovery
strategies; initiating Recovery’s tools efforts.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS: -

e Worked on CBS: Advanced

e MS-Office -Excel ,Word &Powerpoint: Advanced
e Outlook Express: Advanced

HOBBIES & INTERESTS:-
e Work on Computer, Reading, Listening Music & chess.
PERSONAL PROFILE:-
Father’s Name 10/07/1993
Language Known English & Hindi
Nationality Indian
DECLARATION:-

I here by declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my
knowledge & I will try my best to proof to be an asset for the organization.


--- Page Break ---

Date :
Place: (ANSHULMISHRA)
