CURRICULUM VITAE

Name - SABYASACHI SINHA

Add - Vill-Bagda, P.O+P.S- Mohanpur, Dist- West Medinipur Pin-, 721436.
Mobile: 9609868045
e-Mail: sinha.math@gqmail.com

 

 

OBJECTIVE

 

 

Looking forward for a challenging career with an organization having excellent growth prospect and an

equal opportunity player.

 

 

CORPORATE WORK EXPERIENCES

 

 

Present Organization : Deputy Manager - Legal in Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly
Known as Magma Fincorp Ltd) From 3" June 2021 to Till now at Base Location Durgapur,
West Bengal. Functional area in West Bengal - Purba & Paschim Burdwan, Purulia,
Bankura, Birbhum, Malda, North & South Dinajpur, Siliguri, Coochbehar, Midnapore, and
in Jharkhand - Pakur and Sahebganj

Present Profile —

Arranging for execution of warrants both in Sec 138 matters and
Execution matters.

Follow up and Coordination with the advocates for filing of Execution
Providing end to end legal support to the Collection Team for all Buckets
with respect to Civil, Consumer and Criminal matters.

Making regular visits to the concerned police Stations throughout the
functional area.

Attending LOK Adalat and Conciliations for settlement of matters.
Maintaining and controlling the MIS for cases relating to the functional
area

Drafting and vetting of TOS and legal notices.

Co-ordination with Receiver under section 9 Arbitration & Conciliation
Act, 1996.

Drafting and vetting written version and objection to be filled before
proper Consumer Forum.

Drafting of legal replies Advocate Notices & Complaints.

Visiting district courts for leading evidence on behalf of the Company in
proactive and against cases

Follow up and Coordination with DM office for filing of Sec 14 u/s SARFAESI
Act and follow-up the concem authority to execute the order.

Previous Organization:

1. Branch Legal Officer at Tata Motors Finance Ltd (1st September 2017 to 4¢

2.

December 2019), Previously under Tata Business Supportand Service LTD
associated with Tata Motors Finance Ltd (From 7th July 2016 to3ist August
2017) Base location Kharagpur , Functional Area — East & West
Medimipur,Burdwan, Bankura, Birbhum and Purulia

Assistant Manager( Legal ) at TVS Credit Services Ltd from 5th December,
2019 to 315t August , 2020 base location Purnia, Bihar, Functional Area
East Bihar and from 15t September,2020 to 20° May, 2021 base location
Guwahati, Assam, Factional area Assam and Tripura State.


--- Page Break ---

DI

M17 FF ee Fes ee oe
= DP ERTENCESC
LAr CRLENUCES

 

OC}
aw Ws ENE

e Practice as Advocate at the District & Secession Court of Paschim Medinipur and
Subordinate Courts at Paschim Medinipur District, and other quasi-judicial
Authorities.

e Handled cases relating to Criminal matter Bail & Anticipatory Bail, trail
conducting , Civil Disputes on property rights Injunction Suits, Money
Recovery, Labour Disputes, Matrimonial , Negotiable Instruments, Consumer
issues, Insurance and Revenue matters etc.

e Drafted all kinds of civil suits, Criminal matters and prepared Deeds, Legal
notices and Representations.

IONAL QUALIFICATION

University / Year of
School/College Board Passing Percentage
econdary Vohanpur High School,
1 Examination | Paschim Medinipur '
> | Secondary Mohanpur High School,
Examination Paschim Medinipur

Bachelor o Bangabasi Morning College,
Science Kolkata

 

e Advising other departments on others legal issues.

e Good in Oration, managerial skills, precise Drafting and Pleadings, quality
documentation and Specialized in Conveyance, and active and good listener.
Additional knowledge of MS Office. M.S.word, M.S.excel and M.S.powerpoint
applications.

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:
e Best Outstanding Student in LL.B. Participated in several Moot Court Competitions.
e Organized two Legal Aid Camps as Convener.

 


--- Page Break ---

English, Bengali Hindi and Orriya

Date of Birth

Father’s Name
Sex
Marital Status

Hobbies

18°" march, 1991

Ashok Kr Sinha

Male

Married

Collecting information about Cricket & Football and keep

in touch with sports world. Solving SUDOKU.

Present CTC (Gross)

Location preferred

Date:

Place: Kharagpur

Rs. 6,60,000/-

Anywhere in India

(Sabyasachi Sinha)
