AMRUTA PRADEEP BHALERAO

Contact No: +91-8805963149
Email: amrutabhalerao6@gmail.com

Career Snapshots:

Highly motivated professional with experience more than 3 years in Marketing, Sales, Team Management,
Revenue generation in financial sector.

In-depth understanding of the project planning, customer feedback analysis, sales, marketing and brand
promotion, technology integration in business development growth and CRM

Hands-on experience in creating and handling the marketing strategy, branding activity along with revenue
generation plans and digital initiatives across cross functions.

Work Experience:

Poonawalla Fincorp | Senior Executive Digital Marketing | June 2021 — Till Date

Key Deliverables:

Branding:

Contributed in whole rebranding activity from website designing, designing with UAT testing (Desktop as
well as Mobile).

Worked as core team member in rebranding and brand awareness digitally.

Carrying out market understanding for creating social media strategies and calendar as creative team
member.

Creating and development of creatives by closely working with agencies and designers with proper
briefing.

Managing of all social media accounts (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube) for company to
drive engagement via planned posting.

Working on developing and executing all the internal as well external creative requirements in digital
aspects creatives with respect to the performance analysis and A/B testing of the same.

Core team member of planning and execution of virtual events.

Digital Initiatives:

Worked on digital initiatives via Understanding customer orientation/ needs, creating user journey,
understanding, and improving UI and UX of journey, policy creation along with multiple functional
departments and then creation of final product.

Worked on projects like WhatsApp Chatbot, Partnership program of Pinelab, Partnership program of
Krazybee, and virtual branch.

Worked with tech team to implement marketing strategies

CA Day Campaign and Doctor Day Campaign

Campaign Management:

Carrying out lead generation campaign with designing and implementing affiliate marketing programs.
Worked on establishing and nurtured mutually beneficial relationships with affiliates via coordinating with
clients to determine and achieve marketing goals.

Carrying out lead generation campaign and boost post to increase engagement of the pages with
targeting by running campaigns on custom audience and creating Lookalike audiences on Facebook and
LinkedIn.

Implementing improvement strategy by continuous monitoring and recalibrations of campaign outcomes
and future propositions in Affiliate, Facebook and LinkedIn campaigns.

 


--- Page Break ---

=" Designing and executing email and SMS campaign.

Poonawalla Finance | Executive Digital Marketing | March 2021 — May 2021
Key Deliverables:

Worked as marketing executive with responsibility of website development, digital product integration
and rebranding.

Worked on Locobuzz configuration (social listening tool), Day to day monitoring, analyzing, and
responding to customer queries.

Report generation, analyzing and refining data from Locobuzz and LeqdSquared.

Poonawalla Finance | Analyst | April 2019 — Feb 2021
Key Deliverables:

Handled credit analysis role with analysis and presenting first level credit feedback.

Worked with generating and studying CIBIL and other eligibility documents

Reviewed the rejected cases for further business opportunities

Worked as member in understanding and performing some functions in LeadSquared (CRM)

Reliance Mutual Fund, Mumbai | Intern as Equity Analyst | May 2018 - July 2018
Key Deliverables:

= Handling equity analysis reports of Motilal Oswal Equity Study
=" Working with team collectively for analysis of different sectors
=" Data extraction from Bloomberg

Scholastics:

«Master of Business Administration from Savitribai Phule Pune University, India — 2019

«= Bachelor of Business Administration from Solapur University, India - 2017

Certifications:

2™ prize winner in International B Plan competition held at IIM Kozhikode 2018.
Completion of NSE’s certification in Financial Markets (Beginner’s Module)

Completion of Google Analytics for beginners in 2021
Completion of Advanced Google Analytics in 2021

Skills:

Tools: Bloomberg, Finnone, LeadSquared, Locobuzz, Hootsuite, Facebook Ads Manager, Google Analytics, Bitly
Languages Know: English, Marathi, Hindi
Traits: Leadership, Communication skill, Presentation skill, Team Management

 


--- Page Break ---

Hobbies: Trekking, Travelling, Interacting with new people, Sports

 
