Akhil Prince

Address: Pune, India 412101 Linkedin
Phone: 9168812097 https://www.linkedin.com/in/akhil-
E-mail: akhilorince28@gmail.com prince-a5572195/

 

Successful Executive with over | plus years of demonstrated ability in delivering mission-critical results.
Offering outstanding communication and cross-cultural team management skills. Entrepreneurial attitude
for optimal profitability. Ambitious team leader adept at creating strategic alliances with organizational
leaders and effectively aligning with and supporting key business initiatives.

Work History

Feb 2021 - Current Senior Executive

Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune
POONAWALLA
FINCORP

‘Collecting the records for soends for campaigns and generating COA for the

 

campaigns (channel wise)

‘Maintaining Excel Records for the invoices generated for every Month within
team

‘Creating digital channel campaigns on WhatsApp, SMS, Email & RCS for EC
& NC customers. Along with that creating content, whitelisting, scheduling,
and approval for campaigns.

-Analyze the post campaign data like open rate, click rate, delivery rate etc.
for campaign performance.

-Achieved disbursement of Rs.16 crs for Personal loan & Loans to Professional via
WhatsApp, SMS & Email campaigns

‘Track and manage the spends efficiently and effectively across channel.
-Handling brand mentions on different social media channel (Twitter,
Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Google, etc.) and on different news websites &
discussion forums.

‘Maintaining average response time 30 minutes and average resolution time is
4:00 hours across all channels -CRM lead handling.

‘Digital campaign leads nurturing with updating data and map the right
products to it.

‘Performing designated tasks such as data updating and lead allocation along
with merging of leads on Lead squared CRM.


--- Page Break ---

Education
2013 - 2015

2015 - 2019

2020 - 2022

Skills

Hobbies

HSC XIl: Commerce
CES Abhiman Jr. College - Pune, MH

Bachelor of Commerce: Cost and Works Accounting
Indira College of Commerce and Science - Pune

MBA: Finance

Sinhgad Institute of Management - Pune, India

Tally

Crisis Management consulting

Excel

Profit and loss statements

Financial administration

Driving
Music
Travelling
Football

Excellent

Excellent

EERE
Very Good

EERE
Very Good

Eee
Very Good
