RESUME

Name: Rahul Dhondibhau Pote Mobile: 9970929102

Date of Birth: 30" July 1990
Address: Flat B-706 Kamalraj Haridwar Society, Sr.NO 82/7 Walkenagar, Dighi, Pune 411015.

E-mail Id: rahulpote301@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVES

To work in a progressive organization that incorporates varied spectrums of work & diversity,
this endows consistency, competency & expertise in professional as well as social spheres,
enabling collective excellence and technical growth, personal fulfillment with welcome attitude
for new ideas and concepts to enhance the overall growth of the organization.

HIGHLIGHTS

More than 9 years of working experience in Accounts field.
Professionally qualified M.com

Extensive computer skills

Strong analytical ability

Good Interpersonal skills and ability to work under pressure.
Ability to build team environment

Ability to use any accounting software

PROFESSIONAL EXPERAINCE

1. Poonawalla Fincorp Limited - Manager Accounts & Finance
(NBFC) (From June 21 to Till Date)

Poonawalla Fincorp Limited is a financial services company, registered with the RBI as a Non-
Deposit Accepting Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC).

e Accounts Payable: -
Invoices booking as well as payment as per matrix.

Employee reimbursement checking and payment.
GL Scrutiny.

System implementation Oracle Fusion and Zing HR.
Schedule Preparation related to audit.
Co-ordination with stakeholders.

Petty Cash checking & reimbursement.

 


--- Page Break ---

2.Poonawalla Finance Pvt. Ltd - Assistant Manager Accounts & Finance
(NBFC) (From Nov 2019 to June 2021)

Poonawalla Finance Private Limited is a financial services company, registered with the RBI as a
Non-Deposit Accepting Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC).

e Accounts Payable: -
o Validation & Posting of PO & Non-PO based invoices in Microsoft software

(Navision- invoice processing) & Tally.

Ensuring 3-way matching method while invoice verification.

Coding of Non-PO based invoices in system with GL & Cost Center.

Processing of Employee Cash Claims through claim settlement vouchers.

Handling supplier queries Follow up with the location for timely input of data.
Coordination with the team for preparing weekly payment proposal & processing
of supplier payment.

Posting of Bank Entries & Bank reconciliation.

e Payroll: -
o Responsible for payroll processing of 250+ employees.

Handling monthly Payroll and FNF processing.

Payroll and FNF booking and payment.

Payroll reconciliation at month end and year end.

Checking Salaries TDS return data and filling before due date.

Providing training to New joiners related to Payroll activities and Investment
submission.

Resolving queries of employees related to Salary, Investment, PF transfer and
withdrawal.

e Compliances and Others: -

PT, LWF, PF & TDS payment.

Preparing Actuarial valuation data.

Preparing statutory bonus working.

Answering queries of big 4 audit firm as auditors for statutory audits under
companies act and Income tax act.

Work on preparation of Payroll SOP.

Posting disbursal payment entries in LMS.

e Integrations: -

o Adrenaline Travel expenses module integrated with Microsoft Navision for Auto
entries.
Payroll implementation into Adrenalin and giving realtime inputs for smooth
implementation.
Providing input and testing UAT of ZingHR software for Travel and Petty cash
expenses.

 


--- Page Break ---

3. Optiva India Technologies Pvt. Ltd - Senior Finance Associate
(Formerly known as Redknee (I) Technologies Private Limited) (From Dec 2016 to Nov 2019)

Optiva Inc. founded in 1999 is based in Toronto, Canada and is a provider of OSS/BSS software
and services to the telecommunications industry. Company is listed in Toronto Stock Exchange.

e Payroll :-
o Responsible for payroll of 80+ employees (have handled the payroll of 200+

employees in the past)

Handling monthly Payroll and FNF processing.
Payroll and FNF booking and payment.

Payroll reconciliation at month end and year end.

e Accounts Payable & Month end closing :-

Efficiently booking & posting vendor invoices.

Payment of vendor invoices, vendor balance reconciliation.

Handling Cross border vendor payment, preparing Form A2 and Annexure III and
other important documents.

Posting of Bank Entries & Bank reconciliation.

Calculation and passing of entries of accruals every month end.

Closing of bank and AP every month end.

Closing books of accounts in NetSuite ERP, review GL and other deliverables for
audit on quarterly basis.

PT, PF & TDS payment.

Preparation of TDS and GST summary every month & filling of GSTR1 & GSTR3B.
Handling Employee travel advance settlement & Forex currency reload.

Day to day booking of Forex currency reload invoices in NetSuite ERP.

Preparing Balance sheet schedules & Profit and loss schedules for Audit.
Preparing Actuarial valuation data.

Preparing statutory bonus working.

Answering queries of big 4 accounting firm as auditors for statutory audits under
companies’ act, Tax audit.

O000000 0

4. Prithvi Edifice Pvt. Ltd - Accounts Executive (From Jan 2016 to Dec 2016)

e Accounting :-

Reconciliation of Sundry Creditors, Debtors & Bank.

Assist to Finalization of Account

Administrative work and keeping statutory records, register, etc.
Cheque processing & printing as per due date.

Handling Bill Passing & Accounting

Hands on experience on VAT, Service Tax, TDS and PT.

 


--- Page Break ---

Experience in handling payroll and payments

Sending demand notices as per stage of construction to flat holders for recovery.
Bill checking & Passing as per Tax Invoice, GRN, Challan & PO.

Making payment of statutory dues on time & keeping Records.

5.Maple Group _- Accounts Assistant (From July 2013 to Dec 2015)

Description : It was appointed here as Account Executive of “Maple Group” consists HR
SOURCES, a firm of Charted Accountant.

e Accounting :-

Reconciliation of Sundry Creditors, Debtors & Bank.
Payment Follow- up.

Assist to Finalization of Account

Cheque processing & Printing as per due date.

Knowledge of VAT, Service Tax, TDS and PT.

Maintained day to day & routine work.

Have knowledge of Built-up software

Maintaining of petty cash

Worked on Professional Tax and TDS.

Handled billing queries of site contractor & purchase dept.

)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)
)

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

|HS.C | Maharashtra Board | Secondclass{__ = | 2008
FirstClass | | 2006

 

PROFICIENCY Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint

SOFTWARE EXPOSURE Tally ERP 9, Built-up, Microsoft GP, Net Suite ERP - Oracle.
- Microsoft Navision, LMS.

 

Place: Pune Thanks,

Date: Rahul D Pote

 
