Salil Dighe

Purpose

The Sense of Security is a fundamental need of all businesses. My purpose is to fulfill this basic need for businesses by
integrating information technology with the principles of security. My 18 years of progressive experience in the ever-
challenging and fast-changing world of information security, has helped me to strategize, conceptualize, build, and implement
information security systems for some of the biggest banks and organizations in India.

Proposition

* Specializing in every aspect of physical and digital security for BFSI businesses

¢ Strong leadership acumen with ability to deliver solutions and achieve business goals

* Consistently updated with latest technology, innovations and business domain knowledge

¢ Business focused, result oriented, strategic and analytical approach towards end to end IT implementation
* Proven people management skills and ability to build high performing teams and a positive work culture
e Extensive experience in client relationship management and building customer satisfaction

¢ Strong personal values of integrity, loyalty, sincerity and accountability

* Can perform and deliver excellently in demanding work environments

¢ Exceptional negotiation, communication and presentations skills

* Certified ISMS (Information Security Management Systems, [ISO 27001]) Auditor

¢ A regarded speaker and thought leader in the field of Information Security.

Work Experience

Chief Information Security Officer Pune, India
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited - A Cyrus Poonawalla Group Company 2021-till date

Roles & Responsibilities:
e — Heading End to End IT Security Operations
° Strategizing and Planning for major IT Security Initiatives.
e Planning for Data Backup Solution.
° Developing the Overall IT Security Architecture for the organization.
e — Regulatory Compliance as per RBI IT Master Direction and CERT In.
° Risk Assessment.
° Business Impact Analysis
e Working onand guiding teams for various Infosec Initiatives and tools deployment such as DLP, EDR
e Setting up SOC with EUBA and SOAR Capabilities.
° Ensuring BCP-DR of all Business-Critical Applications.
e — Ensuring Smooth Management Reporting related to IT Security.
e — Cyber Security Financial Team of the year award.

Assistant Vice President — IT Pune, India
Poonawalla Finance Private Limited - A Cyrus Poonawalla Group Company 2019 — 2021

Roles & Responsibilities:
e — Heading End to End IT Operations
e = Strategizing and Planning for major IT Initiatives.
e Planning for Data Backup Solution.
° Developing the Overall IT Architecture for the organization.
e — Regulatory Compliance as per RBI IT Master Direction
° GAP Assessment
e Drafting of IT Security Policies and Procedures
e = Carrying our Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Tests
° Carrying out Cyber Security Maturity Assessments
e Deployment of ZScaler and Crowd Strike
e Working on and guiding teams for various IT Initiatives and IT Infra Projects
e ~— Email Migration
e — Ensuring Smooth Management Reporting related to IT Department.
° Asset Management
° Branch IT Infrastructure Setup
° Ensuring IT Security
e — Setting up smooth Work from Home for all employees during Covid Times.
° Ensuring IT support for VIPs
e Designing and supporting Cloud Initiatives of the organization.
e — Cyber Security Financial Team of the year award.


--- Page Break ---

Co-Founder & Managing Partner Pune, India
ELSEC Surveillance LLP 2017 — 2019

Roles & Responsibilities:

Co-founded ELSEC Surveillance LLP, a Digital Information Security and Security Monitoring Company.

As an entrepreneur the primary responsibilities involve building the technology infrastructure of the business, key financial
management, marketing management, personnel management, client relationship management, vendor management,
business development and revenue generation.

As a Managing Partner the responsibilities involve - ensuring the highest level of Information Security in the client’s
organization, planning and strategizing for Electronic Security and Cyber Security, undertaking private Cyber Crime
Investigations, providing Digital Information Security, planning and strategizing for Remote Monitoring solutions, Data
Security Policy drafting, Security Trainings for employees, Penetration Testing, Vulnerability Assessment, Conducting Internal
ISMS Audits, Cyber Forensics, Log File Analysis, and Incident Response etc.

Clients:
¢ PVR Cinemas Ltd. Pune, Mumbai, Nasik
Planning & Implementation of Intelligent Video Surveillance Systems and Access Control Systems

e Emerson Process Management Private Limited, Pune
Planning & Implementation of Intelligent Video Surveillance Systems

¢ Ceva Group - Ceva Polchem India Private Limited, Pune
Planning & Implementation of Intelligent Video Surveillance Systems

e J+W Consultants, Pune
Planning & Implementation of Intelligent Video Surveillance Systems and Access Control Systems

¢ Grahak Peth (Retail Chain), Pune
Overall Security Consultancy. Incident management and implementation of all security systems and remote
monitoring services.
..and many more

Information Systems and Cyber Security Consultant Pune, India
Independent Consultant 2010 — 2017

Roles & Responsibilities:

Providing expert consultation and advice with regards to cybercrime investigations. Carrying out GAP Analysis to identify the
security loopholes. Developing and deploying security policies. Building physical and technological security infrastructure.
Framing procedures for smooth and safe running of client’s operations. And employee trainings for IT security compliance.

Clients:
¢ IBM, Head Office Bangalore
Cyber Forensics Consultancy. Email Data Retrieval and Analysis. Cyber Crime Investigation.

* Indian Army
National Security related confidential project

¢ Bank of Maharashtra, Pune
Information and Electronic Security Consultation, Log File Analysis and CCTV Footage Evidence Handling.

¢ BrainAge - Kunal IT Services, Pune
Cyber Security Implementation, ISO 27001 Compliance. Website Security Analysis and Consultation of Water
Supply Dept. Nagpur Region, Govt. of India

¢ RNR Datalex, Nagpur
Cyber Security Implementation, ISO 27001 Compliance.

¢ IPlus Technologies, Pune
Website Security Analysis and Consultation of site: indiaproperties.com
... and many more


--- Page Break ---

Visiting Faculty — Cyber Security
Army Intelligence School, Indian Army

Roles & Responsibilities:

Currently working as a Visiting Faculty of Cyber Security and
Counterintelligence using Digital Technology for the Army
Intelligence Dept. Indian Army. Trainees include Indian Army
Intelligence Officers ranking from Lieutenants to Colonels.

Expert Consultation and Assistance
Cyber Crime Investigation Cell,
Office of the Commissioner of Police, Pune City.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Worked closely with the Pune City, Police Department for

7 years as External Expert Consultant. Assisting in setting up
the Pune Police Cyber Lab. Officers trainings. Solving several
Cyber Crime Cases.

Partner & Technology Consultant
M/S Gayatree (Electronic Security Systems)

Pune, India
2010 — 2019

Subjects Covered:

¢ Cyber Forensics

¢ Implementing Information Security

¢ Ethical Hacking Techniques

¢ Cyber Crime Investigation Techniques
¢ Cryptography

* Int. Acquisition through Internet

¢ Counterintelligence

Pune, India
2006 — 2014

Cases Solved:
¢ Credit Card Frauds
¢ Fraudulent Online Transactions — Air Ticket
Booking / Online Money Transfer
¢ Data Thefts
¢ Identity Thefts
¢ Network Hacking
¢ Email Account Hacking
¢ Denial of Services
¢ Fake Profiles — Orkut / Facebook
¢ Online Sexual Harassment
... and many more

Pune, India
2006 — 2017

M/s Gayatree, is a Pune based Electronic Security System manufacturer. They are into installation of Electronic Security

Systems, Video Surveillance Systems, Access Control Systems and Home Security System for more than 800 branches of
various banks across Maharashtra, Goa, and Madhya Pradesh.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Technology advice and creating the state of art security infrastructure of the clients. Planning and Strategizing with multi-
layered security approach. Worked primarily with big banks and financial institutions.

Clients:
¢ Union Bank of India. [Electronic Security and Video Surveillance - Planning and Installation & AMC.]
¢ Bank of Baroda. [Electronic Security and Fire Security Systems - Planning and Installation & AMC.]
¢ Bank of Maharashtra. [Video Surveillance Systems - Planning and Installation & AMC.]
¢ Janata Sahakari Bank. [Electronic Security Systems - Planning and Installation & AMC.]
¢ Godrej [Electronic Security Systems - Planning and Installation.]
¢ Irrigation Department, Pune [Electronic Security Systems - Planning and Installation.]
e Pfizer [Electronic Security Systems - Planning and Installation.]
... and many more

Electronic Data Processing In-charge (Head of IT Department) Pune, India
Electronica Finance Limited 2006 — 2008

Roles & Responsibilities:

* Coordinating with the Hardware and Software Personnel

¢ Working on the software issues

¢ Developing a module using VB 6.0 And SOL [Control reports]

¢ Generating MIS from the system as per the requirement of the top management
¢ Maintaining the Server for the Company and taking regular backups
¢ Configuration of Microsoft Exchange Server

* Configuration of Microsoft SOL Server

¢ Maintaining IT Infrastructure and Network and troubleshooting

* Giving Training to the Users

¢ Making Presentations for the Top Management.


--- Page Break ---

Software Development and Deployment

Sales Management System Software
Electronica Consultants Pvt Ltd — Insurance Wing

Single-handedly developed a Electronica’s Internal Software for Management of Sales and Employees.
The company used this software successfully for more than 4 Years, and recovered important MIS reports.

About the software:
° Software for Sales Management.

About the reports:
¢ Management Information Systems [MIS]

¢ Management to keep a track of the Total Sales,
¢ Employee Management,

¢ Performance of the Sales Executives and the Tele —
Marketing Executives.

¢ Incentive Calculation,

¢ Management of Lead based visits to Customers

Tools and Technologies:
¢ Visual Basic 6.0, Microsoft Access 2000
and Adobe Photoshop 7.0.

Educational Qualifications

Institution: STQC Directorate (Standardization Testing and Quality Certification, attached office of the Department
of Electronics and Information Technology (DEIT), Government of India)

Certifying Body: IRCA (International Register for Certified Auditors)

Certification: ISMS (Information Security Management Systems, [ISO 27001]) Auditor.

Institution: ASCL (Asian School of Cyber Law)

Certifying Body: ASCL (Asian School of Cyber Law)

Certification: Certified Cyber Crime Investigator (Specialized in Cyber Crime Investigation)

Institution: ASCL (Asian School of Cyber Law)

Certifying Body: ASCL (Asian School of Cyber Law)

Certification: Certified Ethical Hacker (Specialized in Ethical Hacking Methodologies)

Institution: ET&T Computer Education & Training

Certifying Body: ET&T- DOEACC (Dept. of Electronics, Government. of India Accredited)

Certification: ADCST - Advance Diploma in Computer Software Technology
(Specialized in Software Programming)

Institution: NIIT (National Institute of Information Technology)

Certifying Body: NIIT (National Institute of Information Technology)

Certification: DNIIT (Specialized in Advanced Software Programming)

University: Pune University

Certifying Body: University of Pune, Maharashtra, India

Certification: Bachelor of Commerce (Special Subject was Information Technology)

Skill Sets

Operating Systems:
Scripting Languages:

Windows Server, Linux / Ubuntu / Mint
CGI Scripting / Java Scripting

GUI: Visual Basic 6. Visual Basic .Net

RDBMS: MS SOL Server 7.0, MS SOL Server 2000, MS Access 2000
OOPS: Java, C++

Designing Software: Adobe Photoshop / Flash

Ethical Hacking Skills:

Cyber Crime Investigation Skills:

Other Useful Skills:

Other Useful Skills:

Foot Printing, Port Scanning, SOL Injections, Packet Sniffing, Web Defacement,
Email Hijacking, Dos Attacks

Tracing IP Addresses, Cyber Forensics which includes Data Recovery, Encryption
and Decryption concepts, Analysing Log Files, Using Software such as Win Hex,
Encase, Access Data

Seize and Seizure Techniques. Social Engineering Skills, Information Security
Audit Skills.

Windows Small Business Server


--- Page Break ---

Accolades

Cyber Committee Member — (2008 — 2009). Cyber Committee (A Public - Private Partnership) was the Advisory Board created
by the Commissioner of Police, Pune City for fighting against Cyber Crimes in the City and conducting trainings for their Cyber
Crime Cell Officers.

Honoured by the Indian Army Intelligence officers as a token of appreciating by presenting a Memento (The official Tie of the
Indian Army Intelligence Department)

Keynote Speeches

Invited as a Speaker / Lecturer by various Govt. and Private Institutions:

Topic of Seminar:
Organizing Body:
Audience:

Topic of Seminar:
Organizing Body:
Audience:

Topic of Seminar:
Organizing Body:

Audience:

Topic of Seminar:
Organizing Body:
Audience:

Topic of Seminar:
Organizing Body:
Audience:

Personal Information

Hobbies:
Language Skills:
Nationality:
Date of Birth:
Address:

Phone:

Email:
References

Colonel Indrajeet Singh Barbara
TedEx Speaker & Ex Indian Army,
CIO & CCO, Vara United

Capt. Ravi Nair

Senior Security Officer, Zonal Office,
Bank of Maharashtra

Maj. Mayank Pratap Singh

Officer Indian Army

Computer Security Best Practices and Awareness in Cyber Crime
IT EXPO, biggest IT Exhibition in Pune, Maharashtra, India.
General Public. Approx. 200 Nos. Lecture was conducted on behalf of Pune Police.

Incident Response using Digital Forensics

Cyber Crime Cell Officers, Office of the Commissioner of Police, Pune City

Selected Pune Police Officers of Ranks from Assistant Inspector to Deputy Commissioner of
Police. Approx. 50 Nos.

Cyber Crime Awareness & Latest Trends in Cyber Crime

Various Esteemed Colleges in Pune, such as Marathwada Mitramandal College,
MIT Engineering College, VIT Engineering College, Sinhgad Institute Of Business
Administration & Research etc.

Students Approx. 100 Nos. in each college.

Cyber warfare and Intelligence Acquisition through Internet
Army Intelligence School
Selected officers of the Indian Army of Ranks Cap. to Col.

Ethical Hacking & Cyber Forensics
Engineering College Students, Nasik, Maharashtra, India
Information Technology Students of 3rd year Approx. 60 Nos.

Travelling, swimming
English, Hindi, Marathi
Indian

4th Nov 1981
Sahakarnagar 2 Pune
+918888833414

salil.dighe@hotmail.com

Dr. Sanjay Tungar

Former Head Cyber Crime Cell

& Social Media Monitoring
Commissioner Office, Pune City Police

Sudhakar Kate
Sr. Inspector

Officer Pune City Police

Contacts: Upon request.

THANK YOU
