SURBHIR SAINANI
MARKETING COMMUNICATION & BRAND MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL

Profile Summary

MBA with 15+ years of Marketing Communications experience and
7 expertise in both digital and traditional marketing, across banking &
Contact Information financial services, lifestyle retail, food & beverage, and leisure brands.

_
Work Experience

i Poonawalla Fincorp Limited — General Manager, Digital Marketing, Mumbai
Aug’ 2021 - Till Date

Digital Marketing and Brand Development focusing on consumer and MSME
financing, improving customer’s journey through digital touch points.
Core Competencies

Key Responsibilities:

e Ideation, conceptualisation, creation, and execution management of
brand campaigns, tactical and festive campaigns.

e Innovating ways to increase reach and engagement through unique
brand-aligned content.

e Creating unique concepts & thematic creatives with brand key
messaging ‘Enabling Dreams’ as the focus.

e Designing marketing communication elements across channels like
Digital, audio visuals, social media, and website through empanelled
agencies.

e Liaison with Performance Marketing team, analysing and tracking
performance of the activities on all social media channels, website.

e Creating brand experience through storytelling.

ICICI Bank — Chief Manager, Marketing — Retail & Liabilities Group, Mumbai
April’ 2013 — July’ 2021

Part of Central Marketing team. Managed marketing strategy and brand
communication for variety of ICICl Bank Products and Services including:

Business Banking, Self Employed Segment, Business Loans, Current Account,
Institutional Banking, Personal Loans, Digital Channels, Mobile Apps and

Brand Manager for Gen X — Self Employed Segment.
7 Key Skills

Key Responsibilities:

e Launch of new products, segments, and customer campaigns.

e Developing marketing campaigns to increase new customer
acquisitions.

e Building brand salience - customer communication for various touch
points (website, social media, branches).

e Designing customer marketing communication elements across
channels like Print, Digital, audio visuals, through empanelled
agencies.

e Collaboration with various stakeholders and teams across the bank.

e Initiating Market study, competition analysis, market visits.

e Budget and cost control.

Key Achievements:
e Business Loans Brand Film: Created a benchmark of 11 million views
generated through social media platforms.
e Insta OD Marketing Campaign: Solely responsible for marketing
campaign design and execution of this industry first online lending
platform. Achieved 300%+ growth through various campaigns.

 

ADDRESS: 203, PANCH LEELA, PANCH SHRISTI COMPLEX, HIRANANDANI GARDENS, NEAR S.M. SHETTY SCHOOL, POWAI, MUMBAI — 72


--- Page Break ---

Educational Qualification

Z Leisure Pursuits

a Personal Profile

 

e Ideation and execution of successful customer webinar, testimonial
videos for the segments.

e Business Banking Events: 100+ medium scale events across the
country resulting in engagement with 5000+ customers and prospects.

e Successfully launched Customer Engagement program like Creative
Masters for 2 consecutive years across PAN India level with 100%+
jump for Institutional Banking Business from Educational Institutes
with 6100 schools and 30 lakh participations.

West Coast Fine Foods (India) — Senior Manager - Marketing, Mumbai
Aug’ 2013 — Mar’ 2013

Marketing Communication and Brand Development for A Well-known Frozen
Sea food and brands like Cambay Tiger, Kawan Paratha, Fisheteria and Frish
across Domestic & International Markets.

Key Achievements:

e Successful re-launch of the QSR model Fisheteria across markets.

e Delivered focused PR strategies for creating greater awareness for the
brands and the Company at local and national level.

e Introduced the brands across social media channels — Facebook and
Twitter, ideation and execution of social media campaigns and
promotions.

e Re-designing of corporate website.

e Introduced innovation product packaging -— for local shelfs and
international markets.

(al Previous Experience

Sula Vineyards — Senior Manager - Marketing, Mumbai - Dec’ 2011 — Mar’ 2012

Managed 360- degree marketing functions of the brand — ATL, Events, PR,
build brand awareness and grow the brand across its markets.
Successfully Planned & Executed marquee brand event - Sulafsest 2012.

RAPP (India) - (DDB Mudra Group) Brand Communication - Oct’ 2010 — Nov’ 2011

Advertising Domain, Client Management and Servicing, providing creative
business solutions to corporate clients like Data analytics, Digital, CRM and
Brand consultancy.

Clients — IDBI Federal Life Insurance, Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital and
Game4u.com

Galaxy Entertainment Corp. Ltd (Leisure & Entertainment arm of Future Group.)
Asst. Manager - Marketing - FEB’ 2007 — Sept’ 2010

Strategizing and implementing annual marketing plans and other Promotional
activities for Brands:

“The Sports Bar,” “Sports Bar Express,” “The Bowling Company,” “F123”
gaming zones.

Welspun Retail Ltd, Senior Marketing Officer - Jan’ 2005 — Jan’ 2007

Pivotal of Marketing Communication for a Lifestyle Home Linen Brand ‘SPACES.’

Oxygen Healthcare, Marketing Executive - June’ 2003 — Dec’ 2004

Client Servicing - Managing key accounts like Sandoz, Organon, German
Remedies, J&J and Sanofi

Business Development: Identifying prospective clients, enhancing business
from existing accounts.

ADDRESS: 203, PANCH LEELA, PANCH SHRISTI COMPLEX, HIRANANDANI GARDENS, NEAR S.M. SHETTY SCHOOL, POWAI, MUMBAI — 72
