CurriculumVitae

Mr. Vijay Bhargav Magadum.

E-mail— magadumvijayO8@gmail.com
Mobile - 9096220920

 

OBJECTIVES:

A career with exploration of abilities to achieve goals and glory for my employer and myself
with job satisfaction and acknowledgement of work.

SPECIALIZATION

Academic Profile:
e Master of Business Administration (MBA) under the Commerce faculty, fulltime course
from the Bharati Vidyapeeth, IMRDA Sangli, affiliated to the Bharati Vidyapeeth University,
Pune.

e Bachelor of Arts (B.A) under the Arts faculty, full time course from the P.D.V.P Mahavidyalay,
Tasgaon affiliated to the Shivaji University Kolhapur.

Experience:

Poonawalla Fincorp Itd

Designation: OPERATION EXECUTIVE

Duration: 16 Oct 21 to till date

JobProfile:operation activities BusinessLoan(PersonalLoan andBusiness Loan and LoantoProfessional)

* Quality management analysis by KRI report preparation

* POC back up certification monthly regulation

¢ Audit conduction based on required compliance conditions
« Processing files as per policy.

¢ Disbursal cases from DSA & Online Leads

* Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.

« Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors

¢ Preparing disbursal memo in system and send for final authorization.


--- Page Break ---

TATA CAPITAL FINANCIAL SERVICE LTD
Designation: OPERATION EXECUTIVE

Duration: 23 July 2019 14 oct 2021
Job Profile: Credit and operation activities Used Car Loan (UCL and BL and PL)

« Processing files as per policy.

¢ Disbursal cases from DSA & Online Leads

¢ UCL Cases disbursement under RC Limit & Non RC Limit

* Auditing cases for pendency in documents

¢ Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.

« Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
¢ Screening the files through hard copy as well as soft copy.

¢ Solving all queries with the help of sales and credit team.

¢ Preparing disbursal memo in system and send for final authorization.

¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors

« Make repayment entries such as PDC, SPDC and mandate details in SFDC and Finnone (LMS).

POONAWALLA FINANCE
Designation: CREDIT ANALYST

Duration: 01-March-19 to14 June19

Job Profile: Creditactivities BusinessLoan(PersonalLoan andBusiness Loan and LoantoProfessional)

« Processing files as per policy.

¢ Login cases from DSA & Online Leads

« Auditing cases for pendency in documents

* Coordinating with branches for speedy Login and CAM underwriting.

« Motivating and mentoring team to achieve their targets with quality and compliance.

« Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT

TAB CAPITAL (Margin Poonawala finance)
Designation: CPA
Duration: 15-Jun-18 to 30-April-19

Job Profile: Credit and Operational activities Auto Loan(PersonalLoan, BusinessLoan , Two-Wheeler Loan )

* Managing of disbursement of Retail loans in prescribed TAT with quality

* Coordinating with branches for speedy disbursement and CAM underwriting.


--- Page Break ---

¢ Motivating and mentoring team to achieve theirtargets with quality and compliance.
« Identify process gaps and implement measures to reduce cost, manpower and improve TAT.
« Managing team 3 employees for Fl activities (PUNE).

¢ Publish various reports and MIS’s to measure TAT’s and identify process gaps.

ICICI BANK (I-PROCESS SERVICES PVT LTD)
* Designation: CPA MANAGER
¢ Duration: 23-Oct-2017 to 14-Jun-18
¢ Job Profile: Credit and Operational Activities Auto Loan (New Car, Used Car and PL)
¢ Day to day administration activities
« Managing of disbursement of Retail loans in prescribed TAT with quality.
¢ Documents for Disbursal process.
¢ Verification of authorized signatories, id-Proofs, and other bank details for disbursal process
¢ Daily maintaining reports to managers, supervisors.
¢ Handling post documents like PDC, SPDC and NACH mandate.

¢ Working knowledge on Finnone, Aps and I-disburse technology

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Institution | Board/ University Specialization

Bharati Vidyapeeth
2015- | IMRDA, Deemed University Finance and 7.22
MBA 17 SANGLI Pune marketing CGPA | B+

 

PDVP
2013- | college Shivaji university Arts Political
15 Tasgon Kolhapur science 55.5 | Second Class

Project Title — A Study of loan & Advances (Major Project)

Project Details:

with special reference to Sangli District Central Co-Operative Bank Ltd. Sangli.

Submitted to Bharati Vidyapeeth University, Pune. (For the fulfillment for thedegree of M.B.A.)


--- Page Break ---

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name — Mr. Vijay Bhargav Magdum

 

Current address A/P- Katraj
al- Haveli, Dist-Pune

Date of Birth 03 November 1993

Gender Male

 

Languages Known English, Hindi & Marathi

 

Declaration:

| hereby state that above information is Correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date:

Place: Pune

Mr.Vijay B.Magdum
