eat eee

Cc
E

(Ss)

SHRIKANT DNYANDEO SARADE
B.E Computer, Dip Comp.

Contact Address:
37/2,306-S hivdatta Classic
Nahre — Dhayari Road, Near Pari Chowk Nahre Pune - 411041

C: 8888895557/9511955866 M1 :shrikants74@ gmail.com

Summary:
e 9.5 years’ experience in core networking as a Network Engineer (L3).
e Expertise in Fortigate, Palo Alto and Sophos firewall.
e CCNA (Routing & Switching CCNA 200-120) certified.

Core Competencies

Network Security and Administration

NOC implementation & maintenance

Solution Architecture, Solution Development, Team Building & Leadership
Project Management, Application Architecture, Stakeholder Management
Executive Leadership, Infra-Architecture, Service Delivery Management

In the hunt for a meaningful and challenging position in the area providing a highly motivated, progressive, friendly

Environment, which allows the pursuit of career advancement and expand my knowledge and skills.

PROFESSIONAL

Total Experience: 9.5 Years

POONAWALLA FINCORP LTD (25 Oct 21 to till date)

Designation: Manager - IT Infra

Current Responsibilities:

Migrating ETL workflow from on promise to OCI cloud.

Seeking assignments in Infra-Architecture | Solution Architecture
Experience in OCI firewall, DRG, LB, compartment and WAF.
DR-DR hardening as per InfoSec guidelines with standard practice.
Hands-on experience to fix network devices vulnerabilities.
Working on clear pass and NMS server (what's up gold).

 


--- Page Break ---

Replacing Aruba-515 to Cisco meraki access point MR57 in all branch and hub location integrated with radius server.
Managing and quarterly revived ACL in fortigate-1500D, 500D, 100F and Palo Alto 440.

Working with multiple ISP to manage the MPLS and cloud network including express route and fast connect.

Basic understanding of FortiADC and barracuda WAF devices.

POONAWALLA FINCORP, NITYO INFOTECH (17 Feb 21 to 22 Oct 21)

Designation: Network Engineer L3

Troubleshooting experience on Paulo Alto Firewall, Zone Based Firewall, Sophos.

Good technical knowledge on Routing and Switching.

Manage Aruba central and wireless device.

Connecting branches via IPSec Tunnel in firewall.

Configure Aruba Switches in network as a L2 and L3 level with redundancy and stacking.
Troubleshooting of enterprise and cloud-based Proxy and VPN access.

Troubleshooting on Site to Site and Remote Site VPN’s

Analysis for root cause determination of issues including recommendations for improvements.
Work on Manage Engine and CMDB management.

Review the call flow for Service request / Incidents mapped to Web Proxy / URL Filtering / Zscaler.

Perform in-depth diagnostics and troubleshooting using networking tools on issues which are mapped and around Aruba
switches, Aruba Central, Palo Alto, Cisco.

Basic Understanding in AWS and Azure.

INSPIRISYS SOLUTION LTD (9J an 2019 to 22 J an 2021)

Designation : Network Engineer

Troubleshooting of UTSTAR L3 Level equipment’s like RPR, BNG, PTN, OCLAN and DSLAM.
Managing all the UTSTAR hardware equipment’s.

Configuring and monitoring all L3 Devices such as CISCO, ] UNIFER, and HUWAIE.
Working on ticketing tool (remedies).

Configuring and Troubleshooting of checkpoint, Paulo alto and Cisco ASA.

Provided Level 3 troubleshooting for backbone and customer links.

Backup and restore of |OS, start-up configuration and running configuration through ftp.
Responsible for doing PM activity every quarter for all the network devices.
Coordinating with the vendor on the faulty hardware issues.

Troubleshooting MPLS, Internet and Metro fiber.

Configuration and troubleshoot of Routing Protocol such as BGP, OSPF.

Providing customer support like interacting with customers for resolving their issues with ISP and escalating for
immediate closure of problems.

Maintain the uptime of the Backbone link of ISP From various POP to DC.

Responsible to provide end-to-end connectivity by coordination with Service Provider (TATA, MTNL, Bharti and Reliance)
within defined SLA.

Working with application team to ensure client service success.
Providing technical support to remote sites.
Coordinating with various vendors to maintain the uptime of pop infra & scheduling the activity of PM & of several

 


--- Page Break ---

Looking after installation, configuration and Maintenance of Datacenter Network Devices.

Knowledge of network security systems, intrusion detection systems, and data backup.

Designing and implementing new network solutions and/or improving the efficiency of current networks
Installing, configuring, and supporting network equipment including routers, switches, DNS and DHCP
Procuring network equipment and managing subcontractors involved with network installation
Configuring firewalls, setting up user policies & rules.

Routing, and switching to maximize network efficiency and security

Maximizing network performance through ongoing monitoring and troubleshooting

SIFY TECHNOLOGIES LTD (Talent Maximus and TMI staffing services)

Designation: Network Associates. (1 Sep 2015 to 30 Nov 2019 4 Years 2 Months)

@ Implement firewall access on Check point and ASA firewall.
Configuration, management and Troubleshooting of New Routers, Switches, Wireless APs.
Worked on wireless devices such as Proxim, Radwin, SMAC and MIMO.
Coordination with Onsite Clients for the requirements of any additional Network devices
Planning and Designing Network Topology in co-ordination with local ITs.
lOS up gradation of Switches, Routers, and Password Recovery as per client request.
Coordinating and Managing with team for Network operations and Global operations.
Troubleshooting and debugging of Networks LAN and Leased Lines, MPLS and P2P links.
Configuring routing protocol link Static routing, OSPF and BGP.
Configuration and implementation of VLAN, VTP, STP.
Configure Point to point Access point for particular customers or New HOP implementation like MIMO.
Troubleshooting IP link related issues like link failure, configuration mismatch, latency and packet drops.
Responsible for Incident management cycle including ticket assignment, troubleshooting, necessary
Escalations, resolution, documentations detailed RCA.
Working as NOC Engineer to Monitoring and troubleshooting on entire network.
Configuration and Troubleshooting of Cisco routers and Switches, J uniper routers,
Troubleshooting of Faults within MTTR
Updating ticket with proper cause and closer code
Ipv4 Configuration, Sub netting and Metro Fiber
Remote Supports to Engineers for new installation and link commissioning for RF setup.

Monitoring Sify networks, shifting L2 path. Handles support escalations from L2 / L3 team.

ACCEL FRONT LINE PVT LTD (19 Aug 2014 to 30 Aug 2015

Designation: Network Associate Engineer customer services.

Experience in Desktop and Network support, working as Level 2 escalation (shift Lead) of core network and
hardware engineering group for Network Operations Center (NOC).

Experience in troubleshooting of every part of the machine, tool. Taking Preventive service maintenance, status
monitoring, error checking, and analysis for the system.

Worked on Desktop, Laptops and printer issue also.

 


--- Page Break ---

Application support, Technical Support, Hardware Support, Remote Support and Network Supportis provided by
office and field.

Ability to work as an efficient team member and learns the new technologies and handles the job
responsibilities with minimal directions with maintaining enthusiasm in team.

Discussing system and server upgrades with IT managers.
Working through remote if any major issues observed in network or system.
Providing technical support for staff and back-end system users

Educational & Courses attended

CCNA Certification (R&S) 200-120

Cisco License- CSC012983927

Fortigate NSE3 certification

B.E. in Computer Engineering from VACOE, Pune University (56.66%) in 2014.

Diploma in Computer Engineering from lOT kuran, Mumbai University (69.93%) in 2010.

Personal Details

Father's Name Dnyandeo Sarade
Date of Birth 28th April 1990
Gender Male

Marital Status Married
Nationality Indian

Language Known English, Hindi & Marathi.

STRENGTH: -

Quick learner, excellent analyzer, believes in teamwork and consistency in performance.

DECLARATION: -

| hereby declare that above written information particulars are true to the best of my knowledge &

Belief.

Place: Pune

Date: Oct 2022

With Regards,
Shrikant Sarade

ote

 
