SUBHASH CHANDRA.H.R
# 305/B, 7th Main Road,
Balaji Layout, Malathahalli, Bangalore- 560056.
Mob: +91 9945308899

E-mail: subhashhr99@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
Deliver the best effort in the challenging needs of the environment to move up the value chain in life and at
the same time seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in Organization that offers security and

professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Graduation : B.Sc. from V V Puram College of Science under Bangalore
University in 2005.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

1.
Company Name : Poonawalla Fincorp Limited.
Position : Team Leader - Collections (South Bangalore)
Date Joined : November 2021 to till date

Responsibilities:

e Handling secured NPA cases.

e Allocating accounts to Field Officer’s as per the location.
e Taking the feedback on the cases allocated.

e Allocating repo target to agencies.

e Going for field visit on high value cases & dispute cases.

e Initiating for legal on dispute cases.

2.
Company Name : SREI Equipment Finance Limited.
Position : Team Leader - Collections (South Karnataka)
Date Joined : July 2018 to November 2021
Responsibilities:
e Handling secured flow cases.
e Allocating delinquent accounts to CLM’s as per the location.
e Allocating the cases to agencies, taking the feedback on the cases allocated.
e Allocating repo target to agencies.
e Going for field visit on high value cases & dispute cases.
e Initiating for legal on dispute cases.
3.
Company Name : HDFC Bank Ltd
Position : Deputy Manager - Collections
Date Joined : Dec 2012 to July 2018.
Responsibilities:

e Handling unsecured write off cases.

e Allocating the cases to agencies,


--- Page Break ---

e Taking the feedback on the cases allocated & uploading the same in system as trails.
e §©Allocating Collection & Repo target to agencies.

e Going for field visit on high value & dispute cases.

e _- Filling for arbitration on dispute cases.

e Taking care on closure of accounts

Company Name : Reliance Life Insurance Company Limited
Position : Customer Care Executive - Operations
Date Joined : June 2008 to July 2011

Responsibilities:

New Business & Operations:
e §Scrutinizing new login applications submitted by Advisor / Sales Team.

e Receipting in WRS and creating Client Id & Contract for the same & issuing the same contract at
branch level.

e Printing the policy documents & dispatching it to customers on daily basis.

e Maintaining daily MIS (NB Tracker) of all proposals logged in by the branch and providing
the same to BM, RM on a daily basis.

e Maintaining the discrepancy tracker & Sending to concerned on monthly basis.
e Coordinating with Sales Team of proposals which are pending for issuance and CFR raised.

e Dishonored cheques receipt cancellation and providing the data to Sales Team, follow up with
Sales Team for fresh payment against Cheque Dishonor.
e Scrutinizing Advisor Recruitment Forms, Create Advisor Code in Insure Connect.

Customer Service & Finance

e Asamember of an Operation team, responsible for customer satisfaction by providing
an excellent service to Customer.
e Resolve queries raised by Walk in Customers.

e Providing Duplicate Receipts, Unit Statement.
e Issuing the commission cheques to the advisors.

e Handling finance related like BRS, Office imprest cash, Premium Collections, Vendor Payments,
Correspondence with Bank.

e Handling the Claims process like Maturity Benefit Related, Survival Benefit, Death Claims and
other claim queries & action.

5.
Company Name : ING Life Insurance Pvt LTD.
Position : Executive — STP Issuance Team
Date Joined : August 2007 to June 2008

New Business & Operations:
e Quality checks for NB application and update the quality report for further process.
e Issuance of Non-Medical cases.

e Maintaining the MIS of Issuance Error Report for PAN India & updating to team.

Rewards & Recognitions

e As amember of Team STP with ING Life, Had won the ING Excellence Award for Issuance.


--- Page Break ---

TECHNICAL SKILLS

APPLICATION PACKAGE : MS-Office.
OPERATING SYSTEMS : DOS, WINDOWS 9x/2000/XP.

ACHIEVEMENT : Received the Best Appreciation Awards for Quality Control & Issuance in ING LIFE.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s Name : REVANNA.S
Mother’s Name : SARASWATHI.B
Date of Birth : 04-05-1983
Sex : Male
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Indian
Hobbies : Listening Music, Reading.

I here by declare that all the statements made above are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date :
Place: Bangalore (Subash Chandra H R)
