CURRICULUM VITAE

Name: L Siva Nagendra Reddy Email: sivanagendra0202@gmail.com
Mobile No:91-9502617617, 8801206833

Career Objective:

Seeking position that enhance satisfaction of achievement through individual and team
growth where in there in an opportunity for financial for growth also.

Educational Background:

e MBA pursuing in GLOBAL GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS affiliated to
JNTU(HYD) University, with aggregate of 67 %.

e B.S.C from SRDC degree college affiliated to SK university, Anantapur with an
ageregate of 65%.

e Intermediate from Intermediate board of Andhra Pradesh completed in this year
2008 with an aggregate of 51%.

e SSC from School Secondary Education board Andhra Pradesh completed in the
year 2006 with an aggregate of 55%.

Software Skills:

e Tally ERP9
e MS Office

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

=» Working with Magma Fincorp Itd now formally Poonawalla Fincorp limited in

Anantapur location as a Sr. Ops Executive since 18.11.2021 to Till Date.

Cash & Banking:

Daily Punching of receipts generated from customers & collection team.

Supporting safe custody of the cash and banking of the same through CMS
Maintaining 0% Error for PDC Error & Nil cross banking.

Maintaining Petty Cash vouchers and submitted vouchers weekly once to HO
Co-Ordination with Sales team & collection team

TDS refund process, follow up to with HO

Subsidiary all records maintenances.

Checking accuracy of branch Petty Cash Expenses bills and ensuring timely payment.

VV

VVVVVV


--- Page Break ---

Customer Service related:

Customer issues & complaints resolved within TAT.
Handling Walk-in Customers.

Handing Cash counter & cash collecting from customers.
Statement of Accounts & Loan foreclosures requests.
Moratorium related requests.

Excess amount refunds & TDS refund requests.
Welcome Letter & Amortization schedule requests.

NOC papers issuance.

Credit life claims requests.

Ach activation requests.

Customer address, contact no, email updating requests.
Settlement waiver requests.

Interest certificate requests.

Emi amount, charges & cheque bounce dues information clarify to customers.

VVVVVVVVVVVV VV

Disbursement of Loans:

m@ Taking care of Asset Based Finance (Used & New Car loans, commercial vehicles, Machinery

Vehicles,)

B Verification of CAR Loan Files: (Verification of Application Forms & KYC, Bank Statements, IT
Returns Cibil Reports, Loan scheme details, Credit Life Insurance Calculation, KYC Documents, FI,

RCU, Necessary Approvals, Agreements booklet & Supporting Customer Documents)

m@ Entry of Customer Information & Loan Oracle Portal.
Looking after entire cycle of operations & LAN No. creation in Oracle software.

Payment Requisition. (Disbursal amount credited to directly customer account through RTGS/NEFT)
@ Fraudulent Controlling & Quality Improvement.

H Co- Ordinate with HO Central Operations team. (PDC’s NACH forms & Credit Life Insurance Forms,
After Disbursal files Dispatched to HO & Any collections issues discussed with HO Team)

= Working with Wheels Emi Pvt ltd. As a sales executive for Two-wheeler

from JAN 2019 — March 2021. Location Hyderabad.


--- Page Break ---

Personal Details:

Name L.Siva Nagendra Reddy
Father name L.Rami Reddy

Date of birth 12-06-1990

Nationality Indian

Religion Hindu

Languages Telugu,English
Permanent Address P Bodhanam (V&P)

Chagalamarri(Md),Allagadda(T),

Kurnool(Dist), Andhara Pradesh.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my
knowledge.

Place:

Date: Yours Sincerely,
L
sivanagendrareddy.
