Pune, Maharashtra

(+91) 8585026707

Career Objective:

An economic postgraduate
by qualification, | am currently
associated with the Fraud
Containment and Monitoring
Department of Bandhan bank.
Having strong knowledge in
Banking fraud mitigation and
ai) ar Jae INS d.4el-ie lala clea
team management and
handling internal and external
stakeholders. Looking to
leverage my experience and
knowledge in your highly
esteem organisation.

SIGS

Strategic Fraud Risk
Management, Data
Visualisation and Analysis,
Root Cause Analysis, Critical
Thinking, Strong
Communication.

Advanced Excels, Python,
Tableau, SQL.

 

Susmita Guchait

Permanent: Address: 24/77, Thakur Goli, Chinsurah, Hooghly-712101, West Bengal,
India.

Career Snapshot

e5 months of working experience in product management, supporting business in tie ups,
onboarding new partners, new product & policy launching, strategic business penetration,
supporting in digital transformation, delivering business as per requirements.

e4 years of working experience in Fraud Risk management, risk investigations, strategic risk
mitigation in digital & physical banking frauds.

e3 years of experience in financial and economic research analysis, generating business,
team handling, client handling, maintaining records of financial transactions in the
Knowledge Process Outsourcing Field.

Experience
Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd., Pune, April’22-Till Date
Manager — Product (HO - Product & Business Department)

“ Responsible for salesforce’s performance analysis through their KPI
achievements, discuss with department heads and finalise the list for Performance
Improvement Plan & Reward and Recognition on monthly basis.

?,

“ Report to CBO and manage his daily business MIS, performance reports
across products. Publishing different business and profit related excel dashboards to
CBO and president.

?,

“ Prepare BRDs as per the business requirements and lesioning with digital
marketing and IT team for implementing the changes.

“ Coordinate with IT and data management team to incorporate or change in
the applications as per business requirements, perform UAT testing and understand
and signing off the approach.

?,

One point contact/SPOC for Insurance across business verticals for technical
and process know -how for all internal stakeholders.

“ Manage and address issues in daily insurance business across the products
including policy issuance, delivering policy certificate, queries on policy cancellations
and revisions.

?,

“ Manage Insurance compliance related matters and put them in place with
collaborating with Insurance ops team.

?,

“ Tie ups, negotiation end to end launch and pay-out finalisation with new
insurance partners and driving the onboarding process for new tie ups.

“ Understanding capability of different insurance products and formulate
strategies for attaching suitable insurance products across business and increase
insurance penetration, monitoring and improving the product performance and
progress.

“ Analyse penetration and insurance business performance and report to
departmental heads, strategies, and design products for better penetration.


--- Page Break ---

,

“* Mapping the SPOCs for different insurance companies and engaging and building relationships with
them in daily insurance business activities.

Bandhan Bank Ltd., Kolkata, June’2019 — Till date

Location Manager (Grade — Deputy Manager) - Fraud Containment and Monitoring Department

(FCMD)

,

“* Manage Pre-disbursal activities for all Retail Asset Products (Home Loan, Business Loans, LAP, Personal
Loans, Auto Loans).

“* Proficient in handling Hunter for comparative analysis as a part of Pre-disbursal checks.

“* Investigation and risk mitigation of Fraud marked cases.

“* Agency empanelment and handling, keeping transparency and coordination with Agency stakeholders.
“* Analysing Agency performance and productivity.

“* Publishing dashboards for vendor productivity for east region.

“+ Managing the entire North Bengal for Fraud Control Unit-Retail Assets.

“+ Sampler (Agency Staffs) handling and monitoring Screening/ sampling activities for Small Enterprise
Loans and Mortgages for Siliguri Cluster, Auto Loans for North Bengal Region, MSME loans for PAN India
and PL investigations for North Bengal Region.

,

“* Handling 6 Asset Centres including 113 sourcing points.

,

“* Formulating Screening-sampling strategies basis fraud and delinquency trend Maintaining the tracks of
agency staff's performance on monthly basis.

,

“* Vendor Billing, Audit and Vendor staff training.

“+ Training stakeholders on recent fraud trends, policies, and quality sourcing.
Achievements:

> 99.78% TAT Maintenance & Nil Missed Frauds.

> Awarded for achieving highest ‘Fraud Loss Saving’ for east region in AY 20-21.

> Promoted as Deputy Manager in 2021.

HDFC Bank Ltd., Kolkata, May’2018 — May’2019

Location Manager (Grade — Assistant Manager) — Risk Intelligence and Control Unit (RIC)

“* Credit Cards - Pre- issuance risk related activities including screening sample and sampler management.
“* Handling Hunter (Experian) for both of Cards and Assets in perspective to Risk.

“* Team management and handling, Internal and external Stakeholder management & representing the
team on regular inter departmental and external stakeholder meetings.

,

“* Vendor management, vendor visits & Audits and handling vendor billing process, audit of empanelled
Direct Selling Agencies and Verification Agencies.

,

“* Investigations of fraud cases and actioning on findings by filling police complaints against fraudsters,
termination of executives and by imposing penalty on DSAs.

,

“* Formulating monthly strategy based on fraud trend analysis to curb fraud.


--- Page Break ---

Achievements:

> Streamlined the credit card pre-issuance process for entire east region.

Rope In Writers, Kolkata, November’ 2015- April’2018

Business Manager - Business

,

“* Quality Check of projects before final client handover

“+ Keep a track on daily transaction and monitoring them time to time, pricing, and client billings.
Generating Business and handling the client on their day-to-day needs.
“+ Managing the production team and support them.

,

“* Client Onboarding.

Educational & Academic Qualification

Pursuing Post Graduate Diploma in Data Science from IIIT Bangalore (2022).

Master of Arts, Economics with specialization in Economics of Money & Finance, (2015), Rabindra Bharati University,
Kolkata, with 64%.

Bachelor of Arts, Economics (2013), Hooghly Mohsin College, Hooghly, the University of Burdwan with 57%.
W.B.C.H.S.E. 2010, 83%, C.B.B.M High School, Hooghly.

W.B.S.C. 2008, 84%, C.B.B.M High School, Hooghly.

Signature: Susmita Guchait

Date:
