 

PROFILE

To work for a professionally managed
company with a good organizational
objective & friendly environment, in a
capacity that offers responsibility,
challenge, job satisfaction and scope for
organizational and personal,
development and growth. As well as

Independent thinker and team player
with problem-solving skills and thorough
knowledge of HR issues, interested in a
Manager positions. Looking to utilize 4
years of professional experience in
coordinating the managing operation;
also coming with excellent
communication and_ leadership - skills.

CONTACT
Q, +91 9947997795

@ Suhailkamaru001@gmail.com

 

9 Thrissur, Kerala, India

SUHAIL K K

@© WORK EXPERIENCE

 

 

Deputy Collection Manager
Poonawalla fincorp | Kannur-Kasaragod, Kerala, India
11/04/22 — Present

Collection managers oversee the financial collection department of a company
and are responsible for the correct invoicing of clients and the timely receiving of
payment. They also observe and review the interactions of staff members with
clients to ensure that collections are done according to company policies and
regulations.

PRODUCT HANDLED: Auto Loan, CV,CE ,PL,.LAP (Secured & Unsecured loans)

e Implementing collection policies and procedures to avoid excessive
outstanding credit.
e §=Training and mentoring of staff members in the collections department.
Remaining informed of any legislative procedural training regarding debt
collection.
Preparing monthly feedback reports on payment collections.
Negotiating with customers in cases when non-payment occurs.
Implementing deadlines for invoicing and payment collection.
Ensuring that the company policy on recoveries is followed and that it is
in line with state and federal regulations.
e Implementing collection policies and procedures to avoid excessive
outstanding credit.
e Creating and implementing a strategy to improve the collection of
outstanding credit.
e Setting payment collection goals and targets for the department.
e Runreports and analyze data pertaining to the department
and share with executive staff and managers of department staff as
needed.
e Communicate with clients to build and maintain a strong
working relationship and reduce the number of clients who
stop working with the company

Deputy Collection Manager
HDFC Bank | Thrissur, Kerala, India
28/10/20 - 03/01/22

re Os

We understand your world

oversee the credit and collections activities of an organization. They manage the
collection of outstanding invoices while enforcing company policy. Managers
also lead a team of staff members to ensure the collections department is
efficient.

PRODUCT HANDLED: Two-Wheeler loan & Used TW (Secured loan)

e Coordinate activities of staff members to ensure a smooth and
efficient department that reduces the number of cases that
are overlooked.

e Oversee the collection of outstanding credit and invoices to
minimize profit loss while ensuring it is handled appropriately


--- Page Break ---

LANGUAGES

English

 

Malayalam

 

Hindi

 

Thamil

PERSONAL DETAILS

D.O.B : 07/06/1994
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Married

Passport Number : K0378662
Date of Expiry > 27/03/2022

HOBBIES
Travelling
Sports
Reading
Photography

Music

10@>»> Ww

and per company policy.
Create and implement strategies to increase the number of
successful collections on outstanding debt.

Run reports and analyze data pertaining to the department
and share with executive staff and managers of department staff as
needed.

Communicate with clients to build and maintain a strong
working relationship and reduce the number of clients who
stop working with the company

100% visit on all cases and tracking asset utilization and
availability.

Managing daily and weekly targets as to facilitate the monthly
targets.

Ensuring adherence to processes, compliance and audit
related activities.

No delay in deposition.

Assistant Collection Manager BAJAJ
BAJAJ FINSERV LTD | Thrissur, Kerala FINSERV
11/12/17 - 23/10/20

oversee the credit and collections activities of an organization. They manage the
collection of outstanding invoices while enforcing company policy. Managers
also lead a team of staff members to ensure the collections department is
efficient.

PRODUCT HANDLED : Consumer durable - Personal Loan (unsecured loans)

Taking care of collection in Lending portfolio.

Handling individual Collection portfolio.

Updating visit trails and money collection details on Mobile App.
Ensuring adherence to processes, compliance and audit related
activities.

Publish daily MIS report to agency and superiors

Target setting in penal collection and daily monitoring
Optimizing profits by controlling costs.

Hiring, training and developing new employees.

Resolving customer issues to their overall satisfaction.
Maintaining an overall management style that follows company best
practices.

Excellent verbal communication, and the ability to convey information
clearly and effectively.
Quick decision-making and problem-solving abilities

Pharmacy Sales Assistant
NETTHI MEDICAL STORE | IRINJALAKKUDA, THRISSUR, KERALA
04/05/15 - 09/12/17

Assist pharmaceutical staff

Greeting customers.

Operating cash registers.
Maintaining sales floor appearance.
Cross-selling products.

Directing customers to merchandise.


--- Page Break ---

© EDUCATION

 

 

MBA - Finance Management
Bharathiyar University
=" 2016-2018 | VINDIA

B.COM - Finance
Calicut University
== 2012-2015 |F INDIA

Plus Two & SSLC
Gov of Kerala
== 2012 | INDRA

CERTIFICATION

 

 

1) Diploma in Indian and foreign accounting
2) International association of bookeeper
3) Microsoft Excel specialization in 2010
4) Ms Office 2013
5) Tally ERP9
6) SAP EDUCATION
1. account payable
2. account receivable
3. Management accounting

ACHIEVEMENT & AWARDS: -
> GEM Award certification of excellent got from Bajaj FinServ

© skKILLs

 

 

*= =Communication skills. ...

«» Problem solving. ...

=» Customer service. ...

« Emotional intelligence. ...

» Numeracy skills. ...

» Teamwork. ...

» Organization and time managemert. ...
» Leadership and team management.
# A formal accounting qualification. ...
« — Interpersonal skills. ...

«Financial reporting. ...

» Analytical ability. ...

» Knowledge of IT software. ...

» Management experience.


--- Page Break ---

