SAMEER GADGE
E-115 Sanjay Nagar Near Ravan Park Ranjhi, Jabalpur MP 482005

Contact No : 9893639061/ 7020030110

Email : sameergadge10@gmail.com

 

™» Career Objective

e Tobe compatible with the goals and objectives of the organization in pursuit of Self Development & = Growth.
Seeking a challenging position in the reputed organization where the opportunity exists for young, hardworking,
self-motivated professionals & my experience and skills can be utilized, leveraging my extensive background in
Finance and Administration

» Academic Details
° M.COM from R.D.V.V.- 1998

° — HSC from M.P. Board- 1993

° — §SC from M.P. Board- 1991

™» Work Experience

POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED

v
v
v
v
v

Jabalpur, M.P.- From Jan 2006 — Mar-2008 (Branch Accountant)

Jabalpur, M.P.- From Apr 2008 — Mar-2015 (Accounts Manager- Jabalpur Territory 9 Branches)
Nagpur, M.H.- From Apr 2015 — Mar-2019 (Area Operation Manager- 9 Branches)

Jabalpur, M.P.- From Apr 2019 - Mar-2022 (Area Operation Manager- 11 Branches)

Promoted as Regional Operation Manager from April-2022

Job Profile:-

*
>

v #

VF

Activity Pertaining to Approved Files-

Check the file on real time bases of ABF/SME/Home Loan. Providing discrepancy within real time bases and
recheck for its resolution. Punch all the file daily bases and upload all the document real time bases and raise the
PR.

Follow up with H.O. Opts for its approval and payment. Ensure to dispatch ACH/Auto debit to hit customer A/C.
Scanning all the approved files and uploaded on proper header as per provided.

OTC Knock off with check of Property docs.

Activity Pertaining to Disbursed Files-

Dispatch files and property docs with DTM tagging on T+1 bases. Check all the audited cases and providing its
resolution real time bases.

Make it all other related tracker and register like cheques handover register etc.

Activity Pertaining to Branch Activity-

Daily Pitch to walk in customer for cross sale of ABF/SME/Housing. Daily resolve all the customer related queries
within TAT.

Daily provide walk in customer to SOA, PMT and Insurance. Daily bases follow up with H.O Account team for case
closure and Waiver etc. Daily bases call to customer for collecting NOC and maintain its call to CRM.

Daily basis provide customer to closed cases NOC after that maintaining its data and uploaded NOC
acknowledgment day to day basis.

Daily basis resolve all the discrepancy related problem with co-ordinate with customer and sales team like RC
Discrepancy, Invoice discrepancy etc. Maintain daily bases CRM Activity of call raise and close etc.

Activity Pertaining to Admin-
Prepare requisition of Utility bill and bank payment requisition of Vendor Bill.
Checked and maintain all the admin/IT/HR related works periodically.


--- Page Break ---

Activity Pertaining to Branch Banking-

Daily Banking of ABF/HOUSING/MHDI Cash and Cheques (Some of the branches pick-up facility not available so

that do the banking personally).

> Daily Preparing FFS and Pay-in-slip cash and cheques separately. Daily collecting cash from walking customer and
day end from FO.

> Daily prepare DCR and approve cash in POC with physically checked. Maintain Petty cash statement as per cycle

minimum 2 times in monthly.

Vv #

Centurion Bank of Punjab.
Operation- Team Lease
From Apr 2005 — Jan 2006

Yash Vehicles.
Account Assistant
From Jun 2003 — Apr 2005

AIMS, Jabalpur-M.P.
Accounts Executive-
From 2000 — 2002

rod 4 caren cavalo nan

* ~=Communication Skills, Analytical, Leadership

* Competent to work under pressure and in time-bound situation

° Big Data Mining, Spreadsheets
¢ — Ability to adapt and adjust to different environments & situations
* Complying with Organization policy and procedures & seeking confirmation from Proper Authorities.

° Modifying owns behavior & take ownership to reach a Predetermined Goals when challenges &Opportunities
arise.

* Continuing to perform effectively under Time Pressure & in face of Disappointments, adversity& opposition.
e Maintaining a high Energy Level being Active for prolonged periods of time when the job requires this.

° Dedicated and diligent. Strong motivation skills, remarkable analytical & logical skills.

° Setting high goals or standards for One’s Own Performance. Unmatchable communication skills in written& verbal both.
° Different locations & geographical experience
* Team Handling experience of 16 Ops. Manager & Executives in 11 locations of M.P & M.H.

e Visiting Places, Playing Cricket
e Listening Old Songs

- Abhijit Raikwar
BCM- Poonawalla Housing Fin. Ltd.
MbI—8788148665
- Sunil Kumar Birothia
Ops.-In-Charge- Ambit Fin.
MbI—9893051976
| hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and | bear the responsibility for the
correctnessof the above-mentioned particulars.

Date

Place: Jabalpur (Sameer Gadge)
