CURRICULUM VITAE

Mr.SATISH KUMAWAT
A/28, Sen Colony,

Kabir Marg,

Banipark, Jaipur - 302006
Cell: 9983312344

Mail: satishkumawat79.sk@gqmail.com
Personal Qualities

e Self-starting, innovative, good humored and enthusiastic experienced at working in pressured
environments

e Confident in communicating with individuals at all levels.

e Ability of doing multi-task effectively.

e Skilled organizer and problem solver with the ability to consider all options before making a
decision

e Competencies gained through work experience.

Educational Qualification :

Name of Examination University / Board

Senior Secondary Rajasthan Board 1997
Secondary Rajasthan Board 1995

Information Technology Skills

 

 

Electronic Diploma in Advance Software Technology (e-dast) from..........ccceeeeees C.M.C.
Hands of experience on Intranet, Internet, Windows-98, 2000, XP, MS-Office

IDBI Banking Software Finacle.

Centralized Software Oracle, FInone, POS, POC, LOS.

Professional Experience : Total experience in industry as Follows:

Name of Company Duration

Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd
(Formerly Magma Fincorp Ltd) November 06 to till date

IDBI Bank Ltd December 05 to October 06
Vaishali Metals Pvt. Ltd. July 2002 to November 05

Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Formerly Magma Fincorp Ltd)

 

Team Leader/Regional Operation Manager (2012 to Till Date)

Key Responsibilities:

Guide to team on New Products, Process Rollouts, Software Trainings, and schemes etc...
Handling the Accounts and customer care department with Operational work (HL/SME/ABF)
Branch Visits and Training on Various aspects.

Resolves the queries raised by Sales/Credit/Customer/Audits

Preparation of various MIS for Maintain the File quality and TAT of branches.

Focus on PDD updation and Verification in system by routine checks.

Involved in various Projects for sharing experience for smooth functionality of work.


--- Page Break ---

e Operation Officer (2006 to 2011)

Key Responsibilities:

e Monitoring complete process of Car, Construction Equipment, Tractors & Commercial Vehicle Div.
Processing & checking of files from initial to disbursal stage.

Feedback to concerned DSE and branch for discrepancies.

Punching the files into centralized software (Oracle) of the company on daily basis.

Issuance of Delivery Order to Dealers

Dispatching payment requisitions & follow-up with HO.

Resolving the queries raised by H.O. Audit.

Collection & Up-dation of Post disbursement documents.

IDBI BANK LTD

CPA Officer (December 05 to October 06)
JOB PROFILE

I. Credit Appraisal: -

Appraising the Credit Appraisal Memo, mentioning the credit policy deviations (If any), taking
permission & Approval of seniors for those things which are beyond the limits checking completeness
of all documentation part & policy norms, Issuing Sanction letter. Telephonically PD with all the
salaried customers.

II CO-ORDINATION WITH OUTSOURCING AGENCIES: -
Co-ordination with FI Agency, Legal Agency & Technical Agency about the company requirement and
other information’s

III MIS: -
Maintaining PQIS (Performance Quality Information System) which maintains data of Logins,
Sanctions, and Disbursement. The status of each with the help other staff members

STRENGTH: -

I am having Approx. 16-year Experience in Finance sector.

Having 3 Years’ experience in Industrial Line.

Skills and competencies gained through work experience.

Self-motivated to work unsupervised, whilst initiating and prioritizing workload in a responsible
committed manner.

e Honesty & dedication.

Achievement

e Selected as an Internal Brand Ambassadors (IBA) for the financial year 2007-2008. (This is a batch of

young Magmaites who have not only excelled in business performance, have shown exemplary conduct
and thus have become models others want to emutate. )

e Promoted 5 times in Organization from Senior Executive>>Team Leader>>Asst. Manager>>Deputy
Manager > Regional Operation Manager

Personnel Profile

Name : Satish Kumawat
Father’s Name : Sh. Ramjilal Kumawat
Date of Birth : 13" December 1979.
Marital Status : Married.

Nationality : Indian

Languages Known : English, Hindi & regional.

Date: November 16, 2022
Place : Jaipur (Rajasthan) (Satish Kumawat)
