Rakesh Kumar Saxena
Saxena.rk1@poonawallafincorp.com
9935168821

 

 

 

Job Objective

 

Seeking new opportunities in the Legal and Collection Department of a dynamic
growth-oriented organization.

 

 

 

Professional Synopsis

 

Y Qualified Law graduate with 28 years’ experience in handling legal affairs.

Y Experience in handling, resolving and improving Collections for NPA assets.

v Proficient in providing corporate consultancy services; drafting legal docu-
ments and assisting legal professionals to appear before courts and tribunals.

Y Well versed with the provisions of Arbitration Act, Companies Act, Civil Law,
Criminal Law, Insurance Laws, Negotiable Instruments, and various other acts
& laws, MACT.

V An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills & adept
at maintaining cordial business relations with legal counsels and other external agen-
cies.

 

 

 

Career Highlights

 

PoonaWalla Fincorp Ltd.
State Collection Manager,
2013 — Present

JOB PROFILE

e Experience in handling, resolving and improving Collections for NPA assets.

e Having wide range of experience in handling 6-730+ buckets from past 10 years.

Magma Fincorp Ltd.

Asst Legal Manager,

State Head ARD Legal, UP.
2010 - 2013

JOB PROFILE
e Supporting and motivating a team of about 6 people, providing and strength-
ening support systems and processes, like providing Ready-to-use Legal
MIS, ensuing that legal action is initiated in each case and ensuring
that court orders and processes like summons and warrants are being


--- Page Break ---

executed, by taking care of incentive issues, by communicating a
transparent Reward and Punishment system.

e Practicing Management by example, by actually going into the field and help-
ing team members solve difficult cases. Sitting with each team member, re-
viewing cases and giving strategy and to-do list in allocated cases to help
them achieve performance benchmarks.

e Acting as one-stop person for vetting and authenticating property proofs col-
lected by all team members of collection. Helping the team in devising and
executing legal strategy for solving cases accordingly.

Recovery of debts from 100% PROV & NPA cases of vehicle finance of
by using legal and subtle ways and means.

Follow-up defaulters acting as search and investigating agent, also taking
Feed back from dealers/remedial department/repossession agent. Negotiate
for settlement of case within the broad policy and guidelines of the company.

Managing a network of Advocates at various locations and fixing their targets
And designing their incentives Filing & Following up Legal notice and then
Police complaints u/s 406/420/467/468/471 IPC and other miscellaneous
Provision of law against defaulters.

Issuing necessary advice for initiating arbitration proceedings and executing
awards by filing application in the concerned civil court after locating
defaulters and their list of properties. Also executing summons/warrants
against defaulters in complaints u/s 138 NIA filed in the court of Metropolitan
Magistrate at Kolkata and Local at Kanpur UP

Baidyanath Ayurved Bhawan Ltd.

Naini, Allahabad UP

1994-1998

Baidyanath Ayurved Bhavan exported ayurvedic medicine and is a renowned brand in
this industry.

Handling legal matters related to pharmacy industry.

1999 - 2006
Practiced as advocate in District Court Jhansi

2007- Present

Worked as State Legal Manager ARD in Magma Fincorp Ltd and looked after
cases in the territory of UP.

Working as State Collection Manager from past 9 years with Magma/ Poonawalla
Fincorp ltd and having wide range of experience in handling 61-730+ buckets.

 

 

Core Competencies

Legal Documentation
e Preparing Case Papers, Plaints, Written Statement, Affidavits, Writ Petitions, Caveats

and Appeals for various legal proceedings.

 


--- Page Break ---

e Drafting and vetting contracts, agreement and various other legal documents viz,
MOus, lease agreements, etc.

Legal Affairs

e Appearing before High Courts, District Session Courts, Consumer Court and various
other courts / tribunals for resolving critical issues in close co-ordination with Advo-
cates.

e Handling cases under Arbitration Act, Civil Law, Criminal Law, Company Law, Prop-
erty Law, Negotiable Instruments Act etc.

Recovery Management

e Recovery management through monitoring of collection & recovery process thereby
maximizing revenue generation & minimizing irrecoverable debts.

e Handling high value cases/ defaulters/ insolvent clients and initiating appropriate legal
actions against them.

e Analysis and segregation of defaulting clients into hard & soft cases. Formulating &
implementing strategies for liquidating hard cases within targeted time frames.

General Administration

e Responsible for overall legal issues in the region.

e Coordination with Company Legal Counsel.

e Responsible for coordinating with district administration, police etc

 

Educational Credentials

 

 

 

1991 B Com. from Bundelkhand University Jhansi
1994 LL.B from Bundelkhand University Jhansi.

 

 

 

Other Assignments

 

> Enrolled as Advocate in the Bar Council OF Uttar Pradesh, Allahabad, since
Dec-1994.

 

 

 

Personal Details

 

 

 

 

 

Father's Name : Mr. V.N. Saxena
Permanent Address: 155,Goshaipura Behind Laxmi Cinema Jhansi
.Contact Details : 9935168821
Date of Birth JUNE 11, 1972.
References
Sai Swaroop
Senior Vice President, IndusInd Bank
9840085219

Amit Kumar Nigam
Senior Legal Manager, HDFC Bank
9005113329


--- Page Break ---

