Resume

PRANAB SHANKAR

Address for correspondence:

Parijat Road No -21,
Rajeev Nagar, Patna, Pin No:-800024 Bihar.

Email Address: shankar.pranab@yahoo.in
Mobile No. : 7979098821 / 7763816599

Career Objectives:

Having 12+ yrs. of experience in NBFC, where | got the vast experience on Accounts,
Operations and Management area. Seeking a challenging environment where my
academic knowledge and corporate experience can be shared and enriched.

Strength

e Highly motivated and goal oriented with the ability to work independently and as a
part of a team.

e Strong problem solving and analytical skills.

e Detail-oriented, multi tasking with strong organizational skills.

e Ensuring timely disbursal of Loan file booking of ABF & SME / Cash collection and
Banking activity. (Being NBFC company, there is large transaction of Cash /
Cheque across the locations)

e Customer Centric.

Working Experience:

1) Currently working for Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. as a Asst. Manager (Team
Leader- Operations & Accounts — Customer Service — Central and South Bihar
Territory) Posted at Patna (Bihar).

] ob Responsibility:

1) Controlling 7 branches under Bihar Territory for Ops & Accounts and Customer
Service activity.

2) Ensuring Proper Accounting of Receivables, Petty Cash, timely disbursal of Loan
for ABF & SME files with proper compliance.

3) Banking and Cash pick-up compliance.

4) Monitoring compliance of laid down process and policies, without any deviations.
Ensuring the accurate and timely reporting by Branch Ops Accountants ,
Looking after day to day office administration work. Fixed Asset Maintenance,
lisoning for statutory compliance like — Trade License, Shop and establishment.


--- Page Break ---

5) Conducting Monthly surprise visits/audit of branches. Assisting IAD team in
investigation of fraud / integrity issue cases.Coordinating with HR for joining
formalities, ES! related, PF

] ob Responsibility:

Finalization of Books of Accounts of its all units and consolidation of the same for Balance
Sheet, dealing with Banks, preparation of BRS, MIS for Directors, Conducting Internal
audit of sister concerns/Branches to ensure proper control, Monitoring Stores/Purchases,
Receivables, cost control, Dealing with statutory auditors, Sales tax authority, Service Tax,
TDS & local govt. authorities.

1) Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Pvt.Ltd. (Patna) in 2007 ,day to day
accounts/Ops work.

Educational Qualification:

B.Com from Patna University, Patna / Diploma in Computer A pplications.
Academic
qualification:

 

Class Board/University Board/University Subject Passing Year | Remark

 

10th B.S.E.B. B.S.E.B. Commerce | 1997

2 nd Division

1.Com

 

 

 

 

 

PATNA UNIVERSITY PATNA UNIVERSITY Commerce | 1999 2 nd Division
B.COM PATNA UNIVERSITY PATNA UNIVERSITY Commerce | 2002 1st Class

Computer Knowledge:

Oracle,Finnone ,Tally, MS Word, MS Excel etc.
Personal Details:

Date of Birth : 02/07/1982
Fathers Name : Mr. Shyam Shankar Sinha,
PermanentAddress : Parijat Road No -21,

Rajeev Nagar, Patna ,Pin No-800024 ,Bihar.

Place: Patna
Dated: 22/12/2021 (PRANAB SHANKAR)
