CURRICULUM VITAE

Pankaj Awasthi S/o Sh. Kishori Lal Awasthi

Add:-# House No 837 Sec 16 Karnal
Mobile:-8295196455

Pankajawasthil76083@qmail.com
Married / D.O.B- 05" Dec. 1974

Carrier Objective

To grow and excel in an organization wherein I can utilize my skills and abilities in organization
for both personal and professional grooming.

 

Current Job Profile

Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd . (May ’2008 to Till date)

Working as Regional Operation Manager at Karnal, Haryana

Job Responsibilities:

» >

~ eee ee DP - ee}

>

» ee

Looking File Punching of POC , Business Loan & LAP

Checking of credit approval as per policy and provide pendency of files. (like LTV,
deviations, Track, cibil, experian and internal)

Resolution provided to IAD team for clear the audit cases.

Looking Tracking of files T+1.

Arrange approvals for deviations and discrepancy.

Adhering to all the process and compliance of operation and accounts vertical as per the
company requirement.

Provide MLS docs and policies to customers.

Maintain Booking MIS and send to ZOM

Maintain PDD data and send to HO with Archival sheet.

Looking cash collection and banking activities of all branches of Haryana Region.

Policy training to Accounts, Operation

Provide Insurance policy to customers and team members.

Conducting quarterly surprise audit, accounting and reconciliation activities for Haryana
branches.

Proper implementation of guidelines for safe keeping of cash, MR Process Note and Petty
cash policy.

Preparing MR Cancellation report and SDS Handover Report.

Verify Manual MR Books in oracle with MR Deviation Report.

Also approve through system for destroy MR of Table and filed collection.

Provide training to accts and ops team time to time for implement of new processes.


--- Page Break ---

GE Money . (3! Oct’2001 to 17" May’2008)
Worked as Team Leader (Operation) at COPS
Job Responsibilities:

4 Looking File Punching of car, TW , PL, HL

4 Checking of credit approval as per policy and provide pendency of files. (like LTV,
deviations, Track, cibil, experian and internal)

A Provide TA Ledger to sales dealer and product wise.

Looking for release Trade Advance to dealer after reconciliation of RC and Invoice

pendency.

Provide payout out details dealer/ddsa wise.

Maintain PDD data and send to Chennai COPS with Archival sheet.

Activation of Dealer and DDSA/NDSA code.

Reconciliation of duplicate RC, Engine and Chassis No and Invoices cases.

Remove validation of cases as per process.

Requisition sends to HO for case cancellation and Insurance.

Policy training to Accounts, Operation and Field (Recovery & FI) Team.

Provide Insurance policy to customers and team members.

Cheques handover to DSA and DDSA after receiving the Invoice.

Provide training to operation team time to time for implementation of new processes.

>»

~ eee ee eee P

Earlier Job Profile

Nash Soft System Pvt Ltd . (Dec'1999 to July 2001),
Worked as Sales Executive in Chandigarh
Job Responsibilities: -

A Installing anti virus software.
A Resolve the company antivirus issue.

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND:-

* Graduate from Himachal Pradeshh University Shimla
* Advance Diploama in Software Technology from NIIT Chandigarh
* Computers Basics: MS Office, DOS, Foxpro, Sysbase , , C++

LANGUAGE KNOWN:-
* Hindi & English
STRENGTHS:-

* Self confident.

* Ready to accept challenges.
* Dedication and Strong will power

Date:
Place: Karnal (Pankaj Awasthi )
