BARUN DEV KAR

Email: barundev_kar@yahoo.com
Mobile: 09903450097

JOB OBJECTIVE

Seeking assignments in Software Management, Design & Development with an organization of
high repute.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
=> Over 20 years of experience in Software Management, Design and Development.
=> Presently working as General Manager (IT) in Poonawalla Fincrop Limited, Pune

© Thorough understanding of the SDLC with proficiency in mapping business requirements, technical
documentation, resource planning & control, application design, development, integration, testing and
troubleshooting for information systems management.

= Experience in EPR-Three-Tier Client Server architecture-based projects like CoalNet.

=> An effective team member with proven abilities to be a part of the team during the project phase,
training & guiding team members.

Domain Knowledge

Personnel Information System
Equipment Monitoring System
Production Monitoring System
Financial Information System
Project Monitoring System
Payroll Processing System
Material Management System
Sales Monitoring System
Capital Market Services
Insurance Industry

Shipping Container Management System
Retail Finance System

GUEETEEEevIezeIay

EDUCATION

> Diploma in Electrical Engineering from Jalpaliguri Polytechnic Institute, a premier Technical
Institute of India, W.B.S.C.T.E. in 2000. (Scored 81.8%)

© Higher Secondary (Science) from The Vivekananda Institution Howrah, W.B.C.H.S.E in 1995
(Scored 62.7%)

= Madhyamik from D. B. Boys Chittaranjan, W.B.B.S.E, in 1993 (Scored 77.8%)

= Diploma in Computer Operation (GW Basic, MS DOS, Word Star)

=> Certificate Course in Office Computing under Windows 95 in Production & Operation.

© Advance Diploma in Software Technology from (Software Technology Group STG) in 2002.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Functional

SDLC Management

= Mapping client/business requirements and providing customised software solutions involving
finalisation of product specifications and selection of appropriate techniques.

= Conducting system study and coordinating with team members for System Design & Integration,
Application Maintenance, etc.

= Handling various technical aspects like software design, coding of modules, monitoring critical paths &
taking appropriate actions.

Team Management

=> Identifying and implementing strategies for building team effectiveness by promoting a spirit of
cooperation between team members.


--- Page Break ---

= Determining training needs of analysts and conducting suitable training programs to enhance their
operational efficiency leading to increased productivity.

Technical

Operating System : DOS, Windows 95/98, Windows NT/2000, Linux
Language : GW Basic, C, C++, Java, Forms 6i, JSP, Forms 9iDS
Markup Language : HTML

Scripting Language: Java Script, VB Script

RDBMS : Oracle 8i, Oracle 9i & Oracle 10g

Tools : SQL Developer, Toad

Reports Builders : Reports 6i, Reports 9i & Reports 10g

Application / Areas_—: Oracle PL/SQL Coding; Oracle Reports; JavaScript, JSP

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited, Pune General Manager (IT) Since Mar’21

Details: The project involved development and maintenance of an ERP System with all the functionalities
such as Finance, Personnel, Payroll, Insurance, Sales & Marketing and Maintenance.

Description: Work with Forms and Report 10g IDS in 3 tire Architecture.

Role: System Study, Business Logic Developments, Involved in Technical Guidance, System Designing,
PL/SQL Coding, Application (Forms Developments and Reports) Developments

Platform: Oracle 12c, Forms and Report 12c IDS

Magma Fincorp Limited, Kolkata Sr. Manager (IT) Feb’10 — Mar’21

Details: The project involved development and maintenance of an ERP System with all the functionalities
such as Finance, Personnel, Payroll, Insurance, Sales & Marketing and Maintenance.

Description: Work with Forms and Report 10g IDS in 3 tire Architecture.

Role: System Study, Business Logic Developments, Involved in Technical Guidance, System Designing,
PL/SQL Coding, Application (Forms Developments and Reports) Developments

Platform: Oracle 10g, Forms and Report 10g IDS

Silverlake Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata Module Leader (Sr. Developer) Aug’07 — Feb’10
Client: Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC)

Details: The project involved development of an ERP System with all the functionalities such as Finance,
Container Management System.

Description: Work with Oracle 10g and Oracle IDS Forms and Report in three-tire-Architecture.

Role: System Study, Business Logic Developments, Involved in Technical Guidance, System Designing,
PL/SQL Coding, Application (Forms Developments and Reports) Developments and Team management
Platform: Oracle 10g, Oracle IDS Forms and Report.

Client: Ballyfabs International Limited. (www.ballyfabs.com)

Details: The project involved development of an ERP System (CRIMSOM) with all the functionalities
such as Finance, Production, Personnel, Materials, Payroll, Sales & Marketing and Maintenance (Domestic
& International).

Description: Work with Forms and Report 6i in Client Server Architecture.

Role: System Study, Business Logic Developments, Involved in Technical Guidance, System Designing,
PL/SQL Coding, Application (Forms Developments and Reports) Developments

Platform: Oracle 91, Forms and Report 61

Client: Bally Jute Company Limited. & Ambica Jute Mill Limited. (www.kankariagroup.com)
Details: The project involved development of an ERP System (Effect) with all the functionalities such as
Finance, Production, Personnel, Materials Management, HR and Payroll System.

Description: Work with Forms and Report 6i in Client Server Architecture.

Role: System Study, Business Logic Developments, Involved in Technical Guidance, System Designing,
PL/SQL Coding, Application (Forms Developments and Reports) Developments

Platform: Oracle 91, Forms and Report 61

Tathya Dot Com Pvt. Ltd., Kolkata Consultant Programmer (Technical Lead) Apr’05 —- Jul’07
Posted at MCL, Talcher Area for implementation of CoalNet (Phase - II)

Client: Coal India Limited (www.coalindia.nic.in)


--- Page Break ---

Details: The project involved development of an ERP System with all the functionalities such as Finance,
Production, Personnel, Project, Materials, Payroll and Sales & Marketing, Equipment and customized
modules like VVIP, Grievance and Parliament Affairs.
Role: Led a team of 10 members in Talcher Area, MCL; responsible for

- Creating and modifying the business logic in the source code in Oracle

(packages/procedures/functions/triggers/reports) to match the business rules of the respective

- Responsible for Phase I Implementation (Implementation in Singrauli, HQ, NCL)

Platform: Oracle 10g, Oracle Report 10g, JSP, JDK & J2EE

TCGIVEGA Software Services Pvt. Ltd. Kolkata Technical Consultant Dec’04 —- Apr’05
Posted at NCL, Singrauli for implementation of CoalNet (Phase — I)

Client: Coal India Limited (www.coalindia.nic.in)
Details: The project involved development of an ERP System with all the functionalities such as Finance,
Production, Personnel, Project, Materials, Payroll and Sales & Marketing, Equipment and customized
modules like VVIP, Grievance and Parliament Affairs.
Role: Responsible for

Creating and modifying the business logic in the source code in Oracle

(packages/procedures/functions/triggers/reports) to match the business rules of the respective

- Responsible for Phase I Implementation (Implementation in Singrauli - HQ of NCL)

Platform: Oracle 10g, Oracle Report 10g, JSP, JDK & J2EE

Bima Chakrya (Corporate Agent LICI) IT Manager Jan’03 - Dec’04

Bima Chakrya (Corporate Agent LICI)

Client: Life Insurance Corporation of India

Description: Work with Forms and Report 6i in Client Server Architecture.

Role: Involved in PL/SQL Coding, Data Maintenance, Application Modification, Reports Developments
Web-site maintenance, System maintenance day-to-day, IT Operation Management.

Experience in RAMCO, (Finance), an ERP Package.

Platform: Oracle 8i, Forms and Report 6i

PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS

Marketing Executive with Allecrity Electronics May’00 to Dec’00
Stock Dealer with Spectra Financial Services in NSE, BSE and CSE Jan’01 to Dec’02
Insurance Advisor with LICI (IRDA Certified) Jan’01 to Dec’02

TRAINING PROGRAMS CONDUCTED
= Conducted Training Programs on
- Oracle 8i in different office of BSNL, in different district town in West Bengal & Sikim like
Krishnanagar (Nadia), Raigunj (U/Dinajpur), Bardwan (Bardwan), Gangtok (Sikim), Suri
(Birbhum), etc.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Permanent Address : 37, Umesh Banerjee Lane, Howrah-711101.

Postal Address : T55-404 Future Tower, Amanora Park Town, Hadpasar, Pune - 411028
Date of Birth : 02™ August 1977
