Aloke Nath Bhattacharya

House No-53, Basera Colony, Behind BNCET Engineering College, Bakshi Ka
Talab, Lucknow — 226201

Cell : 9140924540/9559451111, email: aloknb4@gmail.com

Objective:

Seeking the Position of Zonal IT Manager

SUMMARY:

Established track record with 20+ years of experience in helping organizations to
efficiently use their networks; ensuring that the design of an organization's computer site
allows all of the components, including computers, the network, and software, to fit
together and work properly. Also monitor and adjust the performance of existing
networks and continually survey the current computer site to determine future network
needs; as well as troubleshoot problems reported by users and by automated network
monitoring systems and make recommendations for enhancements in the implementation
of future servers and networks.

> Sound familiarity with Windows10 and earlier versions at the user level,
including user and application installation.
Windows Server System Administration.

> Familiarity with Microsoft Office, printing, and Windows networking.

> Familiarity with Intel-compatible hardware.

> Advanced ability (building and configuring machines, hardware
troubleshooting).

> Strong communication and people skills, both written and verbal.

> A proven record of reliability, the ability to perform under time constraints, and
good judgment under pressure.

> The ability to install computer and electronic equipment in a safe and careful
manner.

> Expert in Windows server12/8/2003/2000, NT4.0, Microsoft Active Directory,
DNS, DHCP

> Fantastic ability to learn new material quickly.

> A solid understanding of networking fundamentals and security.

> Ability to maintain a reliable and methodical approach to support and
documentation.

> Uncommon ability to work independently and as part of a team.


--- Page Break ---

Professional Experience

Current

A leading Finance Company with All India Presence — Presently Working as a Zonal IT
Manager. Current Managing IT operations of entire North Zone.

 

 

> Managing Branch IT Operations and Escalation

 

 

Monitoring EUC Support

Monitoring EUC Support Escalation

Managing Deployment, Upgrades,& installation in Branches
Asset allocation on T day Provisioning basis

Monitoring Branch networks

Proper Guidence to IT Technician

> Asset Management

 

 

Managing End Point assets as per Asset policy
Procurement of spares and accessories for end points
Regular update of IT asset allocation in the system

 

> Managing Branch IT Setup

 

 

Branch IT setup in new/upcoming branches

Overseeing IT setup in branches

Regular Monitoring of Existing IT setup in branches
Corrective action against every unmanaged setup

Working with Admin team for extension of existing IT Setup

Earlier Experiences

A leading Financial Services company with all India presence - Present
Systems Administrator

> Analyze, log, track and complex software and hardware matters of significance
pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to
meet business needs.

> Coordinate hardware and software installations and upgrades to ensure work is
performed in accordance with company policy. Recommends resolutions to
complex matters of significance and coordinate the implementation of the
approved course of action.


--- Page Break ---

> Coordinate and monitor troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system
problems: document system events to ensure continuous functioning. Recommend
course of action and implement as approved.

> Coordinate testing, upgrade and configuration of system files and services. Ensure
changes are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures. Utilize standard
corporate tools to record changes, service requests, and problem activities for
tracking purposes.

A leading Financial Services company with all India presence - Junior System
Administrator

> Assisted in the operation of company’s computing environment.

> Assisted in hardware installation and maintenance of workstations, servers,
networking equipment, and other supporting hardware.

> Performed user account creation, deletion, and configuration.

> Supported cross-platform software on different client platforms, including some

Windows and linux support under the direction of other systems administration

staff.

Supervised backup and disaster recovery operations.

Performed occasional off-hours and remote support.

VV

Education And Professional Training

CCNA
PG Diploma from NIT
BSC from Calcutta University, West Bengal

Aloke Nath Bhattacharya
Place: Lucknow
Date : 16 November, 2022 (Signature)
