PRADEEP KUMAR

 

+919999071681 fg

Decisive, strategic and performance-driven professional targeting senior level kumarsharma1973@gmail.com 04
assignments in Human Resource Management with an organization of high

repute

Profile Summary

A competent professional with nearly 21 years of experience in Human Resource Management withkey focus on talent
acquisition, employee relations, talent retention, optimal utilization of resources and organization development with BFSI
(Insurance & NBFC), [Tes/IT and Outsourcing industry.

Merit of functioning as Business HR Partner for the biggest sales force in the group comprising of mix products and more than
9000 workforces.

In-depth knowledge of HRIS (Human Resource Information System) with skills in providing vision in the areas of HRIS to
facilitate and enable growth & business agility

Approachable leader with skills in bridging the gap between managers and employees by resolving matters pertaining to
performance plans, development plans, employee conduct, employee management issues, salaries and benefits

Acting as a strategic business partner to the management; providing guidance on how to best drive employee engagement
and productivity while limiting legal risk exposure through strong knowledge of Labour Laws/ HR Acts

Excellence in designing and applying a comprehensive performance management, competency and compensation
framework to support the business and achieve ambitious growth plans

Strategy architect credited with implementation of innovative HR initiatives to streamline processes and capitalize on
organizational growth opportunities

Competent in data HR Analytics

Piloted the implementation of various CSR activities like close coordination with local school, Social workers. Conducted M-Care -
Medical camps for health checkups, M-Scholar for meritorious students, Mid day meal, Highway Heros - Training truckers, M Education -
Provide infrastructural support by providing computers, constructed toilets, setup physical /chemistry labs, provided water filters and coolers.
Partnering NGO to construct old age home, orphanage, super-specialty hospital

Structured and implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages,
incentives and new-employee orientation

Skilled in empowering employees to voice their opinions/ grievances on a common platform as well as arriving at
mutually beneficial productive agreements

Rich experience in HR Policies & Initiatives; implemented policies & initiatives with focus on employee engagement,
empowerment & enlightenment

Experience in ensuring smooth running as well as enhancement of centralized HR process operations along with
introduction of right practices in alignment with business operations; track record of having established HR processes from
germination level

Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity & initiative to achieve both
personal and corporate goals; possess excellent team building, communication, relationship management and analytical
skills

Piloted in Business Transition / Transformation Projects / Re Organizations / Redeployment / rationalization.

Core Competencies

Continuous Process Improvement / Statutory Compliances /

Human Resource Management Recruitment Strategy Planning BUNS cher sCofeLebts atop oma eave) oy bate

Training/ Learning & Development Manpower Planning & Budgeting Employee Lifecycle Management

Policy Formulation & Implementation
Performance Management Compensation Management

 


--- Page Break ---

 

Work Experience:

Poonawalla Fincorp Limited (previously Magma Fincorp)

 

Human Resource Business Partner @ General Manager for North Zone

¢ Oct’10 - Mar’12 - SBU Generalist, Delhi - UP/Delhi/NCR.

e Apr’12 -Mar’15 - Regional HR - Talent Acquisition - North

e Apr’15-Nov’15 - Zonal Business Partner - Insurance - North

e Dec’15-Tilldate - HR Business Partner - North Zone for PFL and PHFL.

Key Result Areas:

e Formulating the Annual Manpower Budget, Organizational Report, Succession Plan, Talent Map and HR Framework and
Initiatives with a focus on organizational structure, quality, culture, values and performance

e Supporting long-term business goals with a Strategic HR Framework around the Key elements of attract, retain, build, engage,
excite and transform

e Collaborating with senior management for successful manpower planning, resourcing and deploying expansion

e Analysing HR & administration processes, streamlining systems, focusing on improving processes to promote reliability,
increase simplicity and enable scalable growth

e Advising the top management team on critical issues such as culture, productivity, talent and employee management trends
through HR metrics and reporting

e Leading entire HR Operations inclusive of organizational development, policy formation, statutory compliance, planning &
execution of HR audits and vendor management

e Spearheading Talent Management & Acquisition, based on business plan basis the defined talent acquisition and talent
development strategy

e Defined KPIs/ goals, monitoring performance, identifying skill gaps and facilitating learning & capability building programs
on people issues impacting performance

Highlights:

e Won Bankok Trip - Recognized as Best Regional HR - 2011.

e Awarded as Best Regional HR in HR Meet (2012), Best HR North in R & R (2013) and HR Meet (2013), Best HR NorthinR&R
(2014) and HR Meet (2014).

e Certificate of Appreciation for contribution in H1 (2017-18) in National leadership meet.

 

Intarvo Technologies Ltd. (previously RT Outsourcing Ltd) - (Oct’07 - Sep’10) inTarvo
HR Delivery Manager for PAN India a
Key Result Areas:
e Worked as HR Service Delivery Partner for all LOB.
e Primarily responsible for Talent acquisition, manpower planning, talent management and service delivery.
e Facilitated employee engagement & effectiveness by conducting Branch visits, reach out sessions, career progression, attrition
e Implementation of HR SOP. Grievance Management.
e §=©Client account management

Highlights:

e Pivotal in HR partnering with 2100 employees across the country

e Merit of being a Part of Corporate HR and Regional HR team

e Successfully executed HR Services for the organization and been appreciated by Management.

e Implementation of Location HealthCard and HR Direct Access to reach remote location employees.
e Exceptional performance leading to consecutive promotions in row.

eAUOCe doulas

Aug’03 - Sept’07 RL Films Ltd., Noida as Admin/HR @ Senior Executive.

May’98 - Jul’01 Methodex Computer Pvt. Ltd., New Delhi as Programmar


--- Page Break ---

Education & Credentials

e MBAin Human resource and IT from Amity Business School, Noida in 2006.
e M.Sc. in Computer Science from MDU, Rohtak in 2003.
e B.Sc. from Allahabad University in 1995

IT Skills

e MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
e PeopleSoft

Personal Details
Languages Known: Hindi and English
Address: 1401/CG5, Supertech Capetown, Sector 74, Noida - 201301
