 

 

PTT Ve NE TIT
E-Mail: dbiyaniZ1@gmail.com
Contact: +91-9903874962
LinkedIn: https: //www.linkedin.com/in/deepak-biyani-3b506965

Chartered Accountant Professional

NUCL a

Qualified Chartered Accountant with 11 years of experience in Accounts & Finance.

Skilled in managing Statutory & Internal audits in conformance to Accounting Systems & Procedures
Standards.

Proficient in generating reports to support portfolio managers and ensuring completion of quantitative
analysis in making appropriate decisions.

Skilled in preparing Accounts Receivables, Accounts Payables, General ledger and reconciliation of
customer balances.

Accurate and precise in all work - related assignments with the skills to contribute to corporate financial
goals

Sound theoretical knowledge regarding valuation of financial terminologies including GST Act.

A keen communicator, motivator and a team player with the skills to motivate teams to excel and win.

Core Competencies

Accounts & Finance Team Management
Statutory Compliance Regulatory Compliance
Auditing Coordination Reporting & Documentation

General Accounting NBFC Customer Service Management
Lease Accounting Home Loan Accounts

Organizational Experience

Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd (Earlier Known as Magma Fincorp Ltd.) Kolkata from Sep’11 - Present
as General Manager - Accounts

Growth Path:

2021- General Manager

2017-Senior Manager

2015-Manager

2013-Deputy Manager

2012-Assistant Manager

Key Result Areas:

Managing Business Operation Accounts for Customer Payables & Receivables Accounting in NBFC.
Managing Internal ,Statutory Audits and RBI Audits & Compliances and ensuring that appropriate
controls are in place.

Coordination with the Internal Audit, Statutory Audit team members to ensure that audit is
conducted in smooth efficient manner and audit observations are cleared.

Managing INDAS Accounting for Amortization of Upfront Loan Origination Incomes and Cost as per
EIR method.

Maintaining MIS and Accounting for Credit Guarantee Scheme and ECLGS.

Supervising a team of 7 members

Ensuring GST implementation and compliances for Auto Lease and Loan Division

 

 

 


--- Page Break ---

 

 

Complying with customer TDS & Dealer TCS compliance and accounting

Preparing MIS & Management Schedules along with Variances

Administering Lease Accounting Portfolio & Compliances, Home Loan and LAP Accounting Portfolio,
Subvention Claims & Accounting

Performing general accounting including day-to-day functions on Oracle ERP and Vendors
accounting consisting of checking & passing the bills, making payment & cheques printing
Reconciling TDS records, balances and ledgers of clients; ensuring timely submission & filing of the
same in compliance to statutory requirements of the organization

Involved in GST implementation Project in coordination with Information Technology Team
Preparation and Accounting of Upfront Income / Expenses under EIR Method as per IND AS
Preparation and Accounting of Portfolio Valuation of Mortgages and SME loans as per IND AS
Implementation of Loan Moratorium Impact and Reversals in coordination with Information
Technology Team and reporting for RBI compliances.

Handled Ex Gratia Interest process from initiation to the audit completion stage.

Highlights:

Awarded with Star Performer Award twice for Accounts & Finance functions

Bagged Outstanding Performance Award for successfully executing migration project for Home
Loan Portfolio from GE Money Financial

Engaged in Mergers & Acquisition Project acquired from GE Money Financial and Religare Finvest
Ltd.

Engaged in Portfolio acquisition acquired from Reliance Commercial Finance Ltd. in 2019

Vase (yitiy
S. S Kothari & Co., Kolkata from Sep’08 - Mar’11
Key Result Areas:
e Conducted internal audit review, tax and statutory audits for below clients:
Internal Audit of Hindusthan National Glass & Industries Limited Pudducherry Unit
Statutory Audit and Tax Audit of Wires & Fabrics Pvt Ltd Kolkata
Statutory Audit of Veeline Media Pvt Ltd Kolkata
Statutory Audit , Limited Review and Tax Audit of Magma Fincorp Ltd. Kolkata

My

*%

My

*%

My

*%

My

*%

IT Skills

e Accounting Software: Oracle ERP , Finnone Neo LMS & Tally
e Operating Systems: Windows 7, 8 and 10

e Application Package: MS Office

Academic Details
Chartered Accountant from Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) in 2011 with 53.63%
B.Com. from Umesh Chandra College, Calcutta University, Kolkata in 2007with 61.63%
12% from Indira Gandhi Memorial Senior Secondary School, Kolkata, I.S.C. Board in 2004 with
75.83%
10% from Indira Gandhi Memorial Senior Secondary School, Kolkata, I.C.S.E Board in 2002 with
65.67%

ees

Date of Birth: 7% April 1986

Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marwari and Bengali

Address: P-8, Beliaghata Main Road, Beliaghata - 700085, Kolkata
Current Address: 33, Keshav Kunj, Keshav Nagar, Mundhwa, Pune - 411036

 

 

 


--- Page Break ---

