Soumendra Rout
Tel: +91 8435003555
Email id: soumen.rout@gmail.com

ee
Profile Summary:

HR professional having experience of 18 years in the domain of Talent Acquisition, Business
Partner, Generalist, Legal & Compliance, Employee Engagements, Exit management in BFSI
sectors and products like Insurance, Finance, Mortgage, Vehicle, SME, Secured & unsecured,
Personal Loans, Business Loans, Project Loans and Housing Loans.

Professional Experience:

Present Employer: Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. (From Apl’21 till date)
Designation- Zonal HR

Work Experience-2:

Previous Employer- Magma Fincorp Ltd. (From Apl’12 till Mar’21)
From 2012 to 2014- SBU HR (L)
From 2014 to 2021- Regional HR

Products handling:

Vehicles Loans

SME Loan

LAP Loan

Housing Loan

Personal Loan & Business Loans.

O00 0 0

Key Activities in Brief:

> Conducts weekly meeting with respective business units and address people related
issues.

> Trend and predictive analysis to develop solutions, programs and policies.

> Manages and resolves complex employee relation issues and conducts effective,
thorough and objective investigations.

> Coaching, counseling, career development and disciplinary actions.


--- Page Break ---

> Works closely with managers and employees to improve work relationships, build
morale, and increase productivity and retention.

> Provides guidance and inputs on business unit structures, workforce planning and
succession planning.

> Identifies training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.

> Talent acquisition and keeping budget intact.

> Team management on “Hire to Retire”.

> Employee Engagement, PMS, Exit management, Retention, compliance etc.

> Implementation & streamlining of all HR programs and tech integrations.

Work Experience-2:
Employer- Wreck Financials Ltd (A Startup Company)
Designation- Chief Manager- HR & Projects (from Oct’09 to Mar’12)

Products Handled:
e Automobile Financing (used segment)
e Insurance services
e Housing & SME, Business Loans

Key Activities:

e Established the function from scratch in term of Admin & HR.

e Incorporated all the HR policies, programs and SOPs.

e Created & enhanced the work culture.

e On boarded all staffs as per plan for business delivery.

e Facilitated all departments as business partners

e Cost center Head in terms of Recruitment and Admin activities.

Work Experience:
Employer: - Bharti-AXA Insurance Itd. (From July’07 to Sep'09)
Designation: Business Partner-HR & Agency Development

Products Handled:
e Insurance


--- Page Break ---

e Investment Services
Key Activities:

e To facilitate the Sales & Support teams with HR support to achieve organizational vision.

e Anchoring Talent Acquisition activities in the entire zones to ensure timely delivery.

e Ensuring maximum usage of available resources to deliver the assigned task within TAT.

e Ensuring 100% compliance & process adherence for all Talent Acquisition activities.

e Managing the complete employee life-cycle management for the Region.

e Driving the initiatives for improved productivity, building capability and quality
enhancement.

Work Experience:

Employer- HDFC Insurance Ltd. (From Jun’06 to Jun’07)
Designation- SDM

Employer- PH Finance Ltd. (From Apl— 2004 to Jun- 2006)
Designation: Business HR

Key Activities:
e Managing complete employee life cycle.
e Implementation of Motivational Schemes and Appreciation Programs.
e Preparation of HR MIS Reports and make regular presentation to Top Management.

EDUCATION:

MBA in HR, 2004.
Bachelor of Commerce, 2002.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

System/Tech Proficiency Trained in People Soft/HRMS, ERP and Oracle.
Languages known English, Hindi & Some Regional languages
Date of Birth 27" June, 1981.

With Regards,

Soumendra Rout
