Contact Information

JAYATI BISWAS E-Mail : jayatibiswas2197@qmail.com
14, SUCHETA NAGAR - II Contact: 91-9830250860
HALTU, KOLKATA: 700 078 91-9163363887

Current Location: Kolkata

Professional Details

PROJECT/INFRASTRUCTURE/GENERAL ADMINISTRATION with 20+ Years’ of
experience in planning, designing, budgeting, preparation of BOQ, release of work order to
vendor, asset procurement, vetting of measurement and processing of final invoice.
Proficient in directing all project phases from start to site handover to processing vendor
invoice.

Details Skill & Expertise

> Preparation of BOQ on basis of layout for setting up of branches,
refurbishing/renovation work, budgeting of projects along with preparation of project
TEMPLATE.

> Planning of layout in effective way so that space can be utilized at its fullest.

> Taking site measurement and processing of vendor invoice on basis of joint
measurement

> Identification of office premises, negotiation with landlord and finalization of
office space

> Management skill in terms of completion of project as Project Manager and
liasioning with vendor, Govt. Depts. And maintain a good and cordial relationship
with officials.

> Project budgeting cost analysis and schedule of project

> Procurement of asset after hard negotiation with the OEM, dealer, and vendors

> Release of work orders and rate contract for vendors and processing of invoices
on PAN India basis within given TAT.

> Empanelment of project vendor


--- Page Break ---

Current Employer : POONAWALLA FINCORP LIMITED
(Erstwhile Magma Fincorp Limited)

PFL is one of the largest nonbanking finance companies in India
and concentrates on business in rural and semi-urban locations.
It has about 200+ branches, operating in 22 States and over
9900+ employees.

Role & Responsibilities : Infra and General Commercial & Project Manager
Designation : Deputy Manger
Duration : September 2008 to till Date

Key Job Responsibilities:

Planning of layout and providing guidance for preparation of layout

Preparation of BOQ based on approved layout

Making of project template, budgeting, and cost analysis

Site measurement and preparation of measurement sheet

Vetting and processing of final invoice and releasing payment to vendor

Responsible for completion of project in all respect i.e., from finalization of premise

to site handover to Operation Dept. as Project Manager within the given TAT.

Release of LOI for preparation of DLA

Procurement of Asset for new and existing branches

> Identification of office space, negotiation with landlord as per company terms &
conditions.

> Empanelment of vendors on scrutinizing of vendor profile, reference check and site
visit for the work taken up.

> Preparation of MIS

VV VVV WV

V Vv

> Issuance of PO, WO, and Rate Contract on scrutinizing of quotations
MAJOR ACHIVEMENT
> “Exemplary Performance” award in 2021
> Achieve award for hard work and dedication in 2020
> Completed 7500 sq. ft Ecospace (Kolkata) office within a span of 45 days in FY18-19
> Completed 3500 sq. ft Durgapur office within a span of 30 days in FY17-18
> Completed 5350 sq. ft Lucknow office within a span of 45 days in FY FY13-14

AMBIKA SPECE DESIGN PVT LTD
(Architectural & Interior Firm), Kolkata

Role & Responsibilities : Designer & Site In charge
Duration : May 2007 - August 2008


--- Page Break ---

Key Job Responsibilities:

> Planning and layout drafting in Auto CAD

> Planning project activities. This includes planning of project activities like material
requirement at Site, billing of materials and maintaining of stock and utilization of
stock in best possible way.

> Dealing with corporate clients as part of sale promotion through promotional
activities and getting project approved

>» Liasioning with Government and business associates to explore opportunities for joint
venture

MAJOR ACHIVEMENT

> Best employee award in 2008
> Finalization of deal with Ambuja Reality

STUDIO WB
(Interior Firm), Kolkata

Role & Responsibilities +: Designer & Site Supervisor
Duration : April 2001 to May 2007
Key Job Responsibilities:

> Layout planning and designing

> Preparation of BOQ, site measurement and preparation of invoice

> Dealing with clients on regular basis for design and material approval, quality control, budgeting
and project approval

> Supervision of work and maintain handover schedule

MAJOR ACHIVEMENT

> Best employee award in FY 2005 & 2006

Qualification Details

Educational Degree 1) Master’s degree in journalism and Mass Communication from Kolkata
University
2) Bachelor’s degree with Philosophy Honors from Kolkata University

Professional 1) Post Graduate Diploma in Interior Designing from INIFT Kolkata


--- Page Break ---

Hobbies

Cooking, Travelling & Listening to Music.

Personal Information

Date of Birth : 26 August 1978

Gender : Female

Marital Status : Married

Husband Name : Partha Malakar

Father’s Name : Late Narendra Nath Biswas
Nationality : Indian

Languages Known : English, Hindi and Bengali

Date

Place
Biswas
