JD- Team Member - Process Excellence  
(Audit, Risk  & Process Management ) 
 
 
Department - Administration & Facilities  
Sub Department - Process Excellence - Risk, Audit and Process  
Designation - Manager to Senior  Manager   
Reporting to  – Vertical Head -Process, Project and Analyst  
 
Profile Summary  
 
This role holds primary responsibility of handling & conducting inter department audit, identifying 
the major risks & taking necessary mitigation measures and process improvement.  The 
incumbent in this position will be responsible for  carrying out the independent and objective 
assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of operational systems and controls  of the Admin  
& Facilities Department.  
 
 
Job Description:  
 
1.  To conduct regular audits  of the administration department’s  process an d procedures to 
ensure compliance  with the company policies and regulations.  
2. Ensur e adherence to internal controls and perform  regular reviews to identify and address 
any deficiencies.  
3. Collaborat e with internal and external stakeholders to address audit findings and 
implement corrective measures as needed.  Prepare a report after finalization and discussion with 
superiors on action plan.  
 
4. Execute a structured audit plan that covers administration , facilities,  and other statutory 
aspects across branches of PFL.  
 
5. Identify potential risks and vulnerabilities  in the administrative operations and develop  
strategies to mitigate them.  Spearhead RCM activities for administration department and provide 
with the response.  
6. Develop  and implement  risk management strategies to protect the administration 
department from potential threats and hazards.  
7. Evaluate threat perceptions  (Security  & Safety)  and sensitize employees towards security 
issues, cautious measures etc.  
8. Collaborate with the department leaders to establish and maintain efficient and effective 
processes that meet business objectives and deliver results.  

9. To analyze  and monitor key performance indicators to measure the effectiveness of 
administrative processes and identify areas for improvement.  
10. Provide recommendations for process improvements and implementing best practices to 
drive operational excellence.  
11. Keep abreast  of industry trends, regulatory changes  and best practices related to risk, 
audit and process excellence in the administration department.  
12. Communicat e the findings and recommendations to  senior management and provide  
support and guidance to the administration team on risk and process related matters.  
13. Conduct benchmarking activities with peers in the industry to maintain knowledge of 
complex industry trends, current operational  issues and update management on risk and threat 
that could impact company business . 
 
Qualifications  and Experience:   
 
Qualifications/ Education  – Bachelor’s degree in any discipline.  
Career Experience  – Minimum 8-10 Years exposure in Audit & Risk Management, Quality 
Assurance and Quality Control Department.  
Skills/List of Attributes  
 
1. Communication & Interpersonal Skills.  
2.  Certification in Auditing  Modules, ISO would be preferrable.   
3. Stakeholder Coordination.  
4. Reporting and documentation.   
 

