JD- Team Member - Admin Legal & Compliance  
 
 
Department - Administration & Facilities  
Sub Department - Central Functions - Legal & Compliance  
 
Designation/ Grade - Deputy Manager/ Manager  
Reporting to  – Vertical Head - Central Functions & Infra  
 
Profile Summary  
 
The legal and compliance manager for the Administration & Facilities Department will be 
responsible for ensuring that the department adheres to all legal,  regulatory and c ompliance 
standards. The role will oversee compliance activities are being followed at branch offices of PFL , 
provide legal expertise on various matters related to administration, property management,  
contracts & facilities operations.  
 
Job Description:  
 
1. Complete the legal due diligence of real estate property and provide the opinion.  Manage 
legal aspects of real estate transactions and facility related services contracts.  
 
2. Draft, review and negotiate on the legal clause of agreements, contracts and leases to 
ensure legal soundness and protect the company’s  interests  within stipulated timelines.  
 
3. Identify and assess the legal & compliance risks associated with the admin department.  
Provide routine update on the compliance status.  
 
4. Advise on regulatory issues concerning facility management including licensing and  
certificates. Maintain the S& E, trade license tracker for all the branch offices and ensure its timely 
renewals.  
 
5. Work closely with Regional Admin Managers, as necessary, to gather all related 
information pertaining to legal disputes . 
 
6. Assist in dispute resolution, co -ordinate  with Corporate Legal Team for any litigation or 
claims that may arise in relation to the admin & facilities function.   
 
7. Maintain the records of all legal & compliance matters for the department . 
 
8. Conduct training sessions for department staff on relevant legal & compliance issues.  
 
9. Ensure continuous improvement in compliance awareness and legal literacy among the 
team members.  
 

 
Qualifications  and Experience:   
 
Qualifications/ Education  – bachelor’s degree in law or relevant certification in compliance or 
Corporate Governance.  
Career Experience  – Minimum 5 Years’ exposure in legal & compliance role preferably in 
administration and facilities management or property mortgage. Strong knowledge of contract 
law, real estate law, and compliance regulations.  
Competencies - 
1. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross functional teams.  
2. Legal Acumen  
3. Strong Communication Skills  
4. Problem Solving abilities.  
 

