Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNALClassification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationChief Technology Officer DepartmentInformation Technology
Sub Department Information Technology HR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
The Chief Technology Officer (CTO) is responsible for overseeing the development and dissemination of technology  
for internal & external stakeholder and other clients to help improve and increase business value. The CTO will also  
be responsible for managing the company’s technology resources and ensuring that the company’s IT strategy  
serves its business strategy.
Principal Accountabilities
Develop and implement the company’s IT strategy to support business goals.
Lead the strategy for technology platforms, partnerships, and external relationships.
Ensure technology standards and best practices are maintained across the organization.
Lead and manage the IT department, including hiring, training, and evaluating team 
members.
Foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement within the 
technology team. by organizing various events like hackathon, Ideathon, Techfest, etc.
Provide leadership and guidance on technology-related issues to the executive team and 
other stakeholders.
Oversee all system design and changes in system architecture.
Manage technology projects to ensure they are delivered on time, within budget, and meet 
quality standards.
Ensure the security of the company’s IT infrastructure and data.
Identify and implement new technologies that give the company a competitive advantage.
Drive innovation to improve the company’s products and services.
Stay current with technological trends and advancements.
Develop and manage the technology budget.
Ensure cost-effective use of technology resources.
Monitor and control expenses to ensure they are within budget.
Meeting regulatory compliance & creating culture for high standards for IT governance & 
best practices. 
Desired Profile
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.
Proven experience as a CTO or similar leadership role in technology.
Extensive experience in software development and IT infrastructure.

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNALClassification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
2Strong People leadership and organizational abilities.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strategic thinking and problem-solving attitude.
In-depth knowledge of API based microservice architecture, Mobile &web systems 
architecture, design, and development aspects.
Familiarity with various programming languages, including but not limited to Java, C++, and 
Python.
Advance knowledge of emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, 
Deep Learning, Block chain technologies, IOT, etc.  

