Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationCorporate Accounting Group (Specialist) DepartmentFinance and Accounts
Sub DepartmentCorporate Accounting GroupHR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerGM Accounts
Job Purpose
The Manager of the Corporate Accounting Group is mainly responsible for general ledger substantiation on a 
regular basis within the organization. This role aims to ensure accurate and timely review of general ledgers, its 
analysis, and financial insights for operational efficiency.
Principal Accountabilities
1.Performing general ledger substantiation on regular basis and highlighting the observations to respective 
SPOCs for its timely resolution.
2.Review of fixed asset register on monthly basis and timely closure of Fixed assets accounting.
3.Knowledge of ESOP accounting in accordance with Ind AS.
4.Assisting and coordinating with statutory / internal auditors for their queries and timely resolution.
5.Preparation of Financial Statements from Trial Balance and relevant notes preparation on a quarterly and 
Annual basis
6.Preparation of related party disclosure on quarterly basis
7.Coordinating with risk and auditors for smooth closure of internal control over financial reporting.
8.Systems & process improvements: Enable operational efficiency through systems, technology, 
automation etc.
9.Well versed with the Ind AS accounting and relevant application of the same
Desired Profile
1. Educational Qualification: A bachelor's degree in accounting, finance, or a related field is preferred. A master's 
degree or relevant certifications in accounting or financial reporting, such as CA (Chartered accountant), CPA 
(Certified Public Accountant) or ACCA (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants), can be advantageous.
2. Experience: 4-5 years of experience in corporate and business accounting, financial analysis, or a related field, 
with a focus on managing corporate accounting functions, preferably in the financial services industry.
3. Analytical Abilities: Strong analytical skills to interpret data, conduct variance analysis, and provide actionable 
insights and recommendations for operational efficiency.
4. Communication Skills: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to effectively collaborate with cross-
functional teams, external stakeholders, and employees at all levels within the organization.
5. Attention to Detail: A keen eye for detail and accuracy in managing accounting data and financial statements.
6. Leadership Skills: Strong leadership and team management abilities to effectively lead and mentor a team of 
accounting professionals and drive a culture of excellence and operational efficiency within the organization.

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
2

