General Manager - Dialer and Campaign Management
Note: Dialer and Campaign Manager Sales and Dialer and Campaign managers are similar profiles. However, Sales is more 
involved in maximizing opportunities and analytics while the other one is biased more towards operational and MIS.  
Moreover, basis the mapping to overall  business or to specific VP/DVP sales the designations will be categorized.
Competencies Key Parameters
Educational 
QualificationBachelor’s in business management or engineering discipline, with strong 
program management background
Experience Minimum 5-year experience in COE/Product/Call Centre in NBFC
Key SkillsA strong communicator, analytical, big picture thinker, and ability to 
influence senior associates and cross-functional teams.
Cost effectiveness & reduce the TAT.
Encourage innovative ideas and strategies that bring efficiency.
Support business and strategic decisions, such as decisions about the 
future of services and the direction of business growth.
Work with IT team on build creation, expediting business requirement.
Work with BIU for data extraction and analysis for project design input.
Excellent knowledge of MS office is must.  
To work with support function to deliver special project build, 
implement & track.
Carry out automation and process improvement.
Job DescriptionIdentify process bottleneck and streamline system to enable efficiency.
Understand the business requirement and deliver it from IT team.
Initiate request and get the project done with IT team for any new 
requirement related to system enhancement and drive process smoothly 
without any error. 
Dialler and Data Management (Utilization of data efficiently & analyse 
Call Centre Reports for better output).
Contribute to the development of internal framework and SOP.
Provide analytical support for ongoing improvement efforts like 
performance analysis, cost effectiveness and other Insight.
Create visualizations and reports for assigned projects.
Project Implementation
Process and system development  

