1IT GRC Job Description
IT GRC (Governance, Risk, and Compliance) team is responsible for ensuring that the organization's IT 
operations align with governance frameworks, manage IT risks, and comply with legal, regulatory, and industry  
standards. Their roles and responsibilities often include:
Roles & Responsibilities: -
Governance Responsibilities
Overseeing the review and management of IT documentation, ensuring accuracy, completeness, and compliance with 
internal policies, regulatory mandates, and industry standards.  
Spearheading the design and implementation of robust IT GRC policies and procedures to ensure regulatory compliance 
and mitigate risk factors within the banking technology sector.  
Establishing and maintaining effective governance structures to monitor and enforce IT GRC controls, safeguarding critical 
assets and ensuring business continuity.  
Ensuring policies and framework for crisis management and business continuity planning, ensuring IT systems' resilience in 
the face of disruptions and disasters.  
Compliance Responsibilities
Conducting PCI-DSS & DPSC GAP Assessment & Remediation for the PFL.  
Achieving successful compliance certifications (e.g., ISO 27001) through rigorous audit preparation and documentation.  
Orchestrating Regulatory Information Technology compliance requirements for PFL, meticulously overseeing the timely 
filing of various regulatory reports to RBI and other governing bodies.
Leading and coordinating RBI (CSITE) and other regulatory audits for the technology department, orchestrating 
comprehensive compliance assessments and driving resolution of identified issues.  
Submission of IT Compliance reporting on a weekly/monthly basis which includes Antivirus Status, Patch Status, Hard disk 
encryption status. 
Single point of contact for all Information Technology compliance related requirements.  
Analyze the circulars published by regulatory bodies like Reserve Bank of India, NPCI, IRDA, and ensuring compliance to the 
same. 
Test design and implementation for the controls and discussed the gaps found during the audits.
Leading RBI (CSITE) and RBI SSM audits for technology department.  
Track various audit observations till closure.  
Managing user access management for IT applications with PFL  

2Collaboration and Communication Responsibilities
Collaborating with legal and regulatory affairs teams to interpret and address new regulatory requirements affecting IT 
operations. 
Spearheading the facilitation of Third-Party Audits for IT functions, ensuring thorough assessment of compliance with 
internal policies and external regulations, and driving continuous improvement initiatives based on audit findings.  
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to develop and implement robust governance frameworks, policies, and 
procedures, fostering a culture of compliance and risk awareness across the organization.
Support internal, external, and regulatory IT audits including SOX, operational, financial audits, and other risk-based 
engagements. (RBI, CSITE SEBI, IRDAI, UIDAI, ITGC, SOX)
Risk Management
Identifying risk and recommending mitigating controls to maintain and manage risks.
Coordinating with InfoSec to perform the Risk Assessment on identifying the critical applications and to include the same in 
the PFL’s BCP policy. 
Monitor and report on key risk indicators (KRIs) and risk appetite.
Continuous Improvement
Preparation for getting recognition for outstanding contributions to CSITE Audit within the organization.  
Conducting thorough analysis of advisories and circulars issued by regulatory authorities such as RBI, NPCI, IRDA, and UIDAI,  
ensuring meticulous alignment with regulatory guidelines and standards.  
Proactively identifying emerging regulatory trends and requirements and implementing proactive measures to ensure 
continuous compliance and mitigate associated risks.  
Implementing ITIL processes: Incident Management, Change Management, Release & Deployment Management, and IT 
Service Continuity Management.
Establishing effective metrics and managing escalations to ensure service quality.  
Analyzing reports, presenting insights to Management, and driving continuous service improvements.  
Ensuring strict adherence to processes and guidelines for seamless service delivery.
Leading initiatives to enhance IT GRC awareness, fostering a culture of compliance and accountability across the 
organization. 
Driving continuous improvement efforts to optimize IT GRC processes and frameworks, leveraging industry best practices 
and emerging technologies to stay ahead of evolving regulatory requirement
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to conduct comprehensive risk assessments and develop tailored mitigation 
strategies to address emerging threats and vulnerabilities.  
IT Security Architecture Review & Advisory DDoS,  
Vulnerability Assessment Penetration Testing  
Preparing Quarterly presentation for IT Steering Committee, IT Strategy Committee, etc. Making sure that Audits are 
performed regularly for; Inventory Management, Change Management, Patch Management, User Access Management, 
Incident Management, Vendor Risk Management, Capacity Management, BCP, Disaster Recovery, Cyber Security.
Performing Critical Application Audits and Critical Vendor Audits based on the Risk Assessment.  

3Below are a few listed 
activities that IT GRC would perform .
CAB - Change Advisory BoardIT Steering Meeting -- 
Project updates, budget details
User Access Review IT Security Compliance Review
Email Access Review SOP Review and its closure
Generic email access review Vendor Self-Assessment
Distribution List Review IT Risk Register Responses
Privilege Access User ReviewRBI Compliance - 
Data as requested
VPN Access ReviewGAP Assessment --
Closure of identified gaps with Infosec, IT
VAPT - Review and ClosureAgreement Review --
Agreement and related information
BCP - DR Setup and DrillDocumentation --
As and when required for documentation
RBI InspectionVendor Onboarding Process --
Periodic review
IS Audit (RBI, MD, NBFC) Maintenance of Master Policy Repository
Policy / Procedure Review New RBI Master direction implementation
KRI - ORM Team PFL _ RBI _ Guideline for Secure Application Design
RAF - Review and ClosureMaster Repository at Application Level, Database Level, API Level 
etc..
IT Strategy Meeting --
Project updates, budget details, Infosec slidesITGC and IFC Audit
Internal Vendor AuditApplication-Level Reports
SOC2, VAPT, BCP-DR and ISO 27001
DPDP Act Implementation  Annual Report Education MCA/MBA/MTech- Computer Science/IT
Experience 15-20 years
Certifications ITIL, PMP , TOGAF, COBIT, DevOps, etc.
Team Size 
managed20

