Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationQuality Assurance Specialist DepartmentInternal Audit
Sub Department Process Assurance HR GradeAM/DM
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerLead-Branch  audits  and  
Customer Service Quality
Job Purpose
Quality assurance (QA) is the process of  checking whether customer services meet the company’s  
desired quality standards.  The candidate should have an adequate understanding of customer service  
processes as well as a good understanding of customer service quality and regulatory guidelines  
especially Master circular on Fair Practices Code.
Principal Accountabilities
Quality Assurance:  Provide assurance on the internal quality standards and highlight areas of  
improvement. 
Audit  Reviews:  Assess  support  interactions  (calls,  email,  and  social  media,  etc.)  based  on  
established quality standards.
Audit  Methodology:  Evaluate  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  audit  methodologies  and  
techniques. Conduct Root causes analysis for internal /External customer escalation and identify  
corrective and preventive actions.  
Continuous Improvement:  Discuss and explain the process findings with stakeholders in regular  
calls/meetings and share with them to obtain closure.  Drive corrective actions to ensure that the  
customer service standards are met as per regulatory and internal guidelines.
Regulatory Compliance:  Ensure compliance with relevant regulatory requirements.
Documentation: Maintain comprehensive documentation of quality assurance activities and findings.  
Publish daily/weekly/monthly process quality reports with stakeholders.
Communication: Effectively  communicate  quality  assurance  findings  and  recommendations  to  
internal audit management and stakeholders.
Immediate highlight cases of non-compliance.
Any other tasks that may be entrusted by line managers.
Desired Profile
Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, or a related field.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Experience in quality assurance or audit management.
Knowledge of industry-specific regulations and standards.
MS Office proficiency.
Data analytics and visualization tools proficiency would be an added advantage.
Certification in quality management,e.g., Certified Quality Auditor (CQA).

