Job Description  
Role / Position Title  Product Manager - Customer Journey & Loan Processes  
Reporting Manager  Product Head  
 
Job Summary –  
Handling consumer durable products  and excel in defined objectives as a Product Manager.  
Objective and Scope of the Position – 
To manage consumer durable  products  and be responsible for product development, 
process design, implementation . 
Detailed Role & Responsibility of the Position – 
Customer  Journey / Loan Processing:  
• Constantly review the customer journey and recommend changes for 
competitiveness and improving customer experience/ organizational profitability.  
• Responsible for delivering the look and feel of the overall journey in accordance with 
segmentation requirements for each business channels  
• Oversees the development of product specifications in the IT systems, accounting 
systems and undertake necessary documentation for process notes, approval 
matrix, etc for the same.  
• Co-ordinate with Operations, Risk team on designing and implementation of 
processes to reduce TAT and increase customer satisfaction.  
• Facilitate seamless onboarding of partne r systems  in the internal ecosystem.  
• Establishing and maintaining the internal ecosystem to support scale up of all facets 
of the business and execution of the strategic roadmap . 
• Identifying process gaps at Call Center / Partner App  end and Product end and looking 
for resolutions through concerned stakeholder  
Competition /Industry  Benchmarking:  
• Analyze the market  and competition portfolio to identify potential opportunities . 
• Track competition s, industry metrics, forecasts and qualitative market data for 
different segments . 
• Develop product positioning which differentiates consumer durable  products 
proposition of the company in the mark et. 
Cross Functional Teams : 

 
• Work with key stakeholders including marketing, IT, CC, Risk, Collection, Legal 
Compliance and Analytics  to drive business objectives . 
 
Requirements –  
A.) Professional Experience:  
5-10 years of Product / Sales experience in Consumer Durable  or other Asset products  
B.) Education Background:  
Post Graduate Degree in MBA or Equivalent  
 
 
 
 

