Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationNational Manager – FRM DepartmentRisk
Sub Department Fraud Risk HR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerHead-FRM
Job Purpose
Develop and sustain a system for risk /fraud identification, monitoring, investigating in the locations for ABF, SME  
& Mortgages, Co-lending business & Digital business.
Principal Accountabilities
To ensure that effective Fraud Detection, Prevention, and recovery measures are in place to  
mitigate Risk at Zonal Level
Develop and maintain risk/fraud control agencies in the region to facilitate law enforcement 
liaison and follow-up on the field activities.
Leverage the agency’s capabilities adequately and maximize their productivity through 
constant monitoring & training wherever required.
Conduct proactive audits of sourcing partners, verification vendors & cause investigation into  
suspect fraud applications.
Maintain appropriate control and minimize revenue leakages (external) with robust 
processes in place.
Strengthen the transaction processing activities of the region by recommending 
process/policy changes where applicable and through regular training of front-end staff and 
vendors.
Providing Inputs to Policy Team on the Location level different types of properties, customer 
assessment, their income assessment , peer group benchmark, their business and 
delinquency etc.
Assist the Risk Management Group in research and analysis on risk/fraud trends within 
industries/clients/markets/ builders/ channel partners.
Identify new systems and enhance the existing systems to effectively manage fraud risk and 
to achieve the objective.
Having good knowledge by fraud analytic tools.
Ensuring TAT, Friction, and fraud loss are within control.
Managing the entire fraud capability building
Monitoring & maintaining TAT for entire location.
Monitor and keep control over the budget for the location.
Liaise with RCU Agencies thru' RCU Managers for accuracy & reporting of case verifications 

Job Description
2within SLA.
Monthly Reporting based on Agency MIS.
Ensuring accuracy of agency RCU bills
Optimization of Sampling % for optimized Fraud Hit ratio & Fraud control, controlling Failed%  
& overall RCU Cost for the zone  
Conducting Fraud Investigation (by self & thru' RCU managers), Reporting & Initiating for 
Action thereon
Conducting Quarterly Agency Audits.
Review Fraud Risk Industry newsletters, Industry Best Practices and provide inputs on 
roadmap to the senior management.
Desired Profile
1.Graduate or Postgraduate with a minimum of 10-12 years of experience in FRM is a must.
2.Previous experience of handling a team in Banking /NBFC is mandatory.
3.Should possess strong Communication skills - verbal and written.
4.Proactive, Self-driven& eye for detail with good analytical abilities
5.Should have a solution oriented, cost-conscious approach.
6.Should make him/herself relevant to the current developments in the industry.

