Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationSBU-Legal DepartmentLegal
Sub Department Branch legal HR GradeAssistant Manager/DM
LocationReporting 
ManagerZonal Legal Manager/State Legal Manager
Job Purpose
The key purpose of the position is to Legal Officer for the location Patna under State of Bihar and look after all legal  
cases ,based out of Bihar in safeguard Company’s legal interest and would provide the necessary legal support on designate  
areas. Reporting to State Legal Manager (SLM)
Principal Accountabilities
AccountabilitiesKey Performance Indicators
Exposure on Civil 
&  Criminal 
LitigationShould have exposure of C.P.C.  Civil litigation including Arbitration proceedings, Actions  
under Specific Relief Act both at High Court and Lower Court, Money suits, Execution of  
Decree,  Interim  relief’s  both  at  High  Courts  and  Lower  Courts  etc.   Good  practical  
knowledge in SARFAESI 
Should be exposed to Cr.P.C. and various criminal actions under Negotiable Instruments Act  
and under various provision of IPC. Must be innovative and aggressive in executing actions  
to create pressure on the customers.
Police  & 
AdministrationShould have experience in dealing with Police and Administration. Post repossession hassles  
and any other criminal cases against employees
Usage  of  Legal 
tools  for 
RecoveryShould be conversant with using various legal tools to strategize recovery of dues from the  
customers.
Should have dealt with legal cases relating to recovery of both secured and unsecured  
products 
Consumer forum 
/ Criminal casesShould be well conversant in dealing with high numbers of consumer forum courts and  
criminal cases initiated against company, any of its director and employees, at all levels
Close interaction 
with  Recovery 
TeamExperience in closely interacting with recovery team and in supporting recovery efforts.  
Creating and providing various legal tools to Collections
support for Executing legal tools and Joint Customer visit in Critical and High ODPOS cases
Others Liaise with Solicitors and outstation advocates and attend to all civil and criminal litigation  
including matters Quasi-judicial authorities 
Drafting of replies to legal notice, consumer complaints, Ombudsman complaints, pleadings,  
affidavits etc.
Providing support in redressal of consumer complaints

Job Description
2Maintain the litigation deck for the Company 
Ensure compliance with the Legal Policy.
Desired Profile
--LLB, 
-3 + years of experience in legal, preferably 2 years’ experience in NBFC or Bank 
-Should have handled / had exposure to resolve   crisis & critical matters 
-Proven ability to delicately solve sensitive mattes
-Lesioning Skills, drafting and vetting of Court / legal Documents.
-Excellent conceptual and analytical skills – Should possess ability to understand legal, business dynamics and processes.  
-Should have strong ability to interpret laws and regulations and apply the same to complex issues.
-Self-starter & Good knowledge in XL and reporting
-Pro-active
-Decisive
-Business oriented

