Vertical Head - Central Functions & Infra  
 
Department - Administration & Facilities  
 
Sub Department - Central Functions  
 
Designation/ Grade - VP 
 
Reporting to  – Head - Administration & Facilities  
 
 
Profile  Summary -  
 
The position leads and co -ordinates all central functions which include  fulfilling Infrastructure 
needs of the organization , ensuring facilities & General Administration of Head office /s, end to 
end Procurement to Pay cycle and business Travel & events.  
 
 
Job Responsibilities - 
 
1. Administrative Leadership  
 
➢ Oversee the entire central function and HO facilities, ensuring high levels of 
productivity and efficiency . 
➢ Develop and implement administrative systems, policies and procedures to improve 
operational performance . 
➢ Foster a culture of excellence, teamwork and continuous improvement . 
➢ Supervise, mentor and manage Administration team ensuring their professional 
growth and development . 
 
2. Strategic planning  
 
➢ Collaborate with leadership team and contribute to the development and 
implementation of long -term administrative and branch deployment strategies . 
➢ Ensuring the administrative processes align s with the organisation’s overall business 
objectives . 
 
3. Financial oversight  
 
➢ Validate and Manage budget for administrative activities, ensuring accuracy, cost 
effectiveness & adhere nce. 
➢ Analyse operational costs and implement strategies to optimise spending  
➢ Identify cost saving opportunities and operational efficiencies . 
 
4. Compliance and Risk Management  
 
➢ Ensure compliance with legal regulations, statutory and organisational policies.  
➢ Develop and ensure health and safety protocols for HO . 
➢ Identify potential risks in operational processes and develop mitigation strategies . 
➢ Ensure BCP planning is in place and regularly updated.  

 
 
5. Corporate Real Estate (Non -IT Infrastructure)  
 
➢ Oversee project planning, scheduling and execution quality for the branch network 
expansion . 
➢ Ensure efficient allocation of office space, equipment and other resources as per 
changing organisational needs.  
➢ Plan & manage office moves, refurbishments and other logistics . 
 
6. Operations Management  
 
➢ Ensure smooth operation of office facilities with highest level of internal customer 
delight . 
➢ Implement operational best practices to enhance service quality and productivity . 
➢ Monitor KPIs and ensure high performance across team members . 
➢ Drive automation initiatives to enhance accuracy and productivity of the department . 
 
7. Vendor and Contract Management  
 
➢ Overseeing empanelment of vendors and ensuring selection as per organisation s 
policy  framework.  
➢ Oversee contracts with vendors/service providers ensuring high service levels at 
competitive rates  
➢ Assessing vendor performance through regular assessment.  
➢ Ensuring timely payments to vendor to enhance vendor satisfaction and to protect 
PFL brand reputation.  
 
8. Travel and events Management  
 
➢ Formulate  strategic relationships, policies and programs for corporate travel . 
➢ Plan & monitor flawless execution of com pany events, meetings , conferences etc.  
➢ Analyse the travel spends to finetune travel policy and optimise the cost.  
 
 
Qualifications/ Education – Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. BE-Civil/ B -Arch with PMP, 
FMP certification preferred.  
Career Experience – Minimum 15+ Years of proven track record in retail roll out, facilities and 
general administration of multi locational branches/large offices strategy, planning and execution. 
Experience in managing cross functional teams and departments.  
Skills/List of Attributes :  
 
➢ Strategic thinking and Business acumen . 
➢ Strong leadership and people management skills . 
➢ Problem solving and decision making in a fast -paced environment . 
➢ Budgeting and Financial governance . 
➢ Knowledge of statutory compliances and procedures related to Administration and 
Infrastructure . 

