Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationFraud Risk Management- Central 
FunctionsDepartmentRisk
Sub Department Risk HR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
Develop and sustain a system for risk /fraud identification, monitoring, investigating in the locations for ABF, SME  
& Mortgages, Co-lending business & Digital business.
Principal Accountabilities
To ensure that effective Fraud Detection, Prevention, and recovery measures are in place to mitigate Risk.
Identify new systems and enhancing the existing systems to effectively manage fraud risk and to achieve  
the objective.
Managing all FRM related activities like Screening/Sampling and Post disbursal activities.
Support business growth & diversification with risk mitigants strategies in new technologies & processes
Review success & performance of Risk systems / Processes that help achieve investigations TAT, quality of  
Service Delivery
Aide Investigations of frauds identified and detected in the portfolio with adequate data and facts.
Assess, Analyse & review new products and process rolled in the payment business and give critical  
feedback on Risk & control measures.
Reviewing miss outs in fraud detection in the monitoring activities & implementing controls
Review Fraud Risk Industry newsletters, Industry Best Practices and provide inputs on roadmap to the  
senior management.
To devise risk strategies as a Risk Manager for all STP (Database + non-Database i.e. Digital loans)
Continuous review of the process followed, to ensure correction and modification wherever required  
resulting  in  improvement  of  fraud  identification,  thereby  reviewing  success  of  related  controls  and  
improve benchmarks.
Conducting Fraud Investigation (by self & thru' RCU managers), Reporting & Initiating for Action thereon
Conducting Quarterly Agency Audits.
Responsible & develop a capability model from new business, new branches
Understanding of Unit Budget planning with new business model
Review Fraud Risk Industry newsletters, Industry Best Practices and provide inputs on roadmap to the  
senior management.
Desired Profile

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
21.Graduate or Postgraduate with a minimum of 8-10 years of experience in FRM is a must.
2.Previous experience of handling a team in Banking /NBFC is not mandatory, however will be an 
added advantage.
3.Should possess strong Communication skills - verbal and written.
4.Proactive, Self-driven& eye for detail with good analytical abilities
5.Should have a solution oriented, cost-conscious approach.
6.Should make him/herself relevant to the current developments in the industry.

