 
Job Function:  Team Member - MIS and Analyst  
 
 
Department - Administration & Facilities  
Sub Department - Process Excellence - MIS & Analyst  
Designation - Dy Manager to Manager  
Reporting to  – Vertical Head -Process, Project and Analyst  
 
Profile Summary  
 
The MIS Analyst is  responsible for managing information systems, analyzing  the data and 
providing technical support to improve  efficiency and decision making within the department  
 
The principal accountabilities for this role are described as follows : 
 
1. Data Analysis and reporting - Collect, analyze  and interpret  the data to provide insights 
and support decision making.  Develop and maintain reports, dashboards and data visualizations 
to communicate the key performance indicators  and trends within the Admin & Facilities function.  
 
2. Project Support - Participate in the implementation of new systems and techn ologies. 
Provide assistance with system testing, user acceptance activities and user training.  
 
3. Problem Solving - Utilize strong problem solving and critical thinking abilities  to address 
data mana gement and systems related issues within the Admin & Facilities Department.  
 
4. Collaboration - Work closely with the PAN India Team members  to ensure the data 
integrity,  standardization  of reporting and alignment on data definitions  and metrics.  
 
 
 
 
Qualifications  and Experience:   
 
Qualifications/ Education – Bachelor’s Degree  in any discipline, certification in MIS will be 
preferred.  
Career Experience – 5 years of experience in Data Management.  
 
 

Skills/List of Attributes  
 
1. Proficiency in data analysis and reporting using SQL, excel and other data management 
tools.  
2.  Strong te chnical knowledge of information systems, data bases and software 
applications.  
3.  Communication & Interpersonal Skills.  
4.  Certification in Project management and system implementation  is a plus.  
5. Stakeholder Coordination.  
6. Reporting and documentation.   
 
   
 

