Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationBank Operations Specialist DepartmentTreasury
Sub DepartmentOperationsHR Grade
LocationReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
To manage all the operational activities, responsible for ensuring process excellence, smooth & efficient 
execution of treasury transactions & maintaining accurate records.
Principal Accountabilities
Managing  the  processing  of treasury  transactions,  including  bank  borrowings,  money  market  deals,  
derivatives,  and  debt  issuance.  Verifying  trade  confirmations,  ensuring  accurate  settlement,  and  
coordinating with counterparties and internal teams. 
Overseeing  the  confirmation  and  settlement  processes  for  treasury  transactions,  ensuring  timely  
confirmation with banks, brokers, and other parties. Monitoring transaction flows, resolving discrepancies,  
and coordinating with relevant parties for smooth settlement. 
Implementing robust reconciliation processes to ensure accurate and timely reconciliation for treasury  
transactions with external entities, such as banks, custodians, exchanges, or clearinghouses.  
Ensuring compliance with regulatory guidelines and internal policies related to treasury operations.  
Staying updated with regulatory changes, implementing necessary controls and procedures, updating  
treasury process periodically and conducting periodic audits to assess compliance.  
Collaborating with the risk management team to identify and manage treasury-related risks, such as  
market risk, liquidity risk, and counterparty risk. 
Managing  and  analyzing  data,  workflows,  implementing  improvements,  process  mapping  and  
collaborating with cross-functional teams for seamless treasury functions.  
Working with IT teams to enhance treasury systems and streamline processes for improved efficiency and  
accuracy. 
Desired Profile
- Chartered Accountant / Post Graduate / Masters Degree in business, management, finance, or related field  
- Extensive experience in team management and collaborative roles involving operational management, 
especially within the financial services industry and NBFCs.  
- Profound knowledge of NBFC regulations, compliance, and risk management.  
- Strong understanding of Treasury Processes and Good in Power-Point Presentation.  
- Strong strategic thinking, decision-making, and analytical abilities.  
- Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Profile

