Job Description  
 
1 
 Classification | INTERNAL  
Classification | INTERNAL   
POSITION DETAILS  
Functional 
Designation  Compliance Officer  Department  Compliance  
Sub Department  Compliance  HR Grade   
Location  Corporate Office  Reporting 
Manager   
Job Purpose  
To ensure the company's strict adherence to all applicable Reserve Bank of India (RBI) regulations and guidelines, 
particularly those pertaining to Systemically Important Non -Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs) and Middle 
Layer NBFCs.  
Principal Accountabilities  
Regulatory Compliance:  
• RBI Regulations:  Monitor and ensure compliance with RBI regulations such as Master Directions, Scale 
Based Regulations, KYC Direction, Guidelines on Digital Lending, and others  RBI regulations.  
• Periodic Returns:  Prepare and submit monthly, quarterly, half -yearly, and annual compliance reports and 
returns as required by RBI.  
• CTR/STR Filings:  Assist in the filing of Cash Transaction Reports (CTR) and Suspicious Transaction 
Reports (STR).  
• FMR Returns:  Ensure compliance with Master Direction - Monitoring of Frauds in NBFCs by filing FMR -1 
and FMR -3 returns.  
Documentation and Legal Matters:  
• Loan  Documentation:  Handle loan documentation for secured and unsecured portfolios   from regulatory 
perspective  
• Treasury Transactions:  Manage documentation for treasury transactions like pool purchase, pool 
assignment, bank borrowings, NCD, and servicer agreements.  
• Co-Lending and Other Agreements:  Prepare and manage documentation for co -lending arrangements, 
branch leases, service agreements, and engagement letters.  
• Vendor Negotiations:  Negotiate with vendors and co -lending partners to finalize agreements.  
• Legal Advice:  Provide legal advice to other departments within the company  on regulatory matter.  
• Notice Reply and Escalation:  Draft notice replies and handle escalations in coordination with concerned 
departments.  
 
Desired Profile  
Qualification:  
CA/CS /MBA /LLB with 5 years of relevant experience in an NBFC & Banking  setup . Graduate exclusively having 
more than 8 years’ experience in regulatory compliance may be considered  if having regulatory knowledge and 
exposure in dealing RBI audit, product/ policy approval, testing and compliance risk assessment.  
 
Skills:  
Regulatory Knowledge and Expertise  
• Deep understanding of RBI regulations:  A thorough grasp of the RBI guidelines, particularly those 
related to NBFCs, is essential.  
• Knowledge of regulatory changes:  The ability to stay updated on the latest regulatory developments 
and their implications for the company.  

Job Description  
 
2 
 Classification | INTERNAL  
Classification | INTERNAL  • Compliance analysis:  The skill to interpret and apply complex regulatory requirements to the company's 
specific operations.  
• Compliance Risk Assessment – Skill on compliance testing, observing gap and placing controls to plug 
the regulatory gaps by maker/checker and automation.  
 
 

