Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationF&A-Financial Planning Specialist DepartmentFinance and Accounts
Sub Department Financial Planning Analysis HR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
The Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis is responsible for overseeing and managing the financial planning  
and analysis function within the organization. This role aims to provide financial insights, analysis, and 
recommendations to support the organization's financial planning, decision-making, and strategic business 
initiatives.
Principal Accountabilities
1.Preparation of Annual operating plan / Long Range Plan / Forecasting for allocated line of 
Business.
2.Performing Financial / Non-Financial Analysis of allocated P&L line / Product line and providing 
key recommendation to Management.
3.Variance Analysis of Budget vs Actual of Business / Functions KPIs.
4.Preparation and Analysis of Branch Profitability and recommendation of key takeaways to 
Management. 
5.Co-ordination with Cross Functional Teams for correct booking of Location, Product, 
Department in the Accounting system and performing allocation of Function Cost to Products 
basis relevant allocation logics/ expense drivers.
6.Identification of drivers for allocated line of P&L and performing unit cost/Revenue analysis.
7.Work towards automation across the FP&A processes.
8.Have a growth and an owner mindset, act as an entrepreneur that focuses on business impact, 
and continuously learn and innovate.
9.Drive the conversation with the business to invest in bold ambitions. Proactively use 
benchmarking with peers and ensure all resources are optimized
Desired Profile
CA with 3-5 Years of Experience in NBFC/housing Finance/ Banking in FP&A domain.
Excellent Excel and Power point skills.
Strong communication and Analytical skills.
Ability to work independently as well as in a group environment
Effective organizational and time management skills with the ability to work effectively and 
meet deadlines

