Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationFinancial  Systems  and  Central  
functions SpecialistDepartmentFinance and Accounts
Sub DepartmentFinancial  Systems  and  Central  
FunctionsHR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
The Specialist in this role is responsible for ensuring the efficiency, accuracy, and compliance of financial systems 
and central functions in the NBFC. This position involves implementing strategic financial initiatives to support 
the company's growth and profitability.
Principal Accountabilities
Responsible for defining Policies, Process for maintenance of Master Data to be processed in Various 
Data Domains.
Complete understanding of Master Data Life Cycle.
Responsible for Creation, Manage, Optimize, and maintain Master data.
Responsible for Configuring and Maintaining Configuration related to GL, AP, AR, FA, CM, and 
Procurement.
Responsible for Configure, Manage, and maintain Workflows.
Responsible for Optimize flow of data between Users and Cross Stakeholders
Responsible for Creation, Manage and Optimize flow of Master data between different Applications.
Take initiatives for improving Data management process.
Responsible for Period Closure activities
Responsible for ERP (Oracle Fusion) Updates and Enhancements
Knowledge on ERP Audit documentation and System Audit Trails
Responsible to submit MIS to the management as per the requirement of management.
Ensure that the company complies with all legal and regulatory requirements.
Ensure that record keeping meets the requirements of auditors and government agencies.
Coordinate in case of periodic visits done by auditor’s and provide them with necessary information.
Assisting in providing of documentation as necessary for completion of the timely audit.
Maintain all audit reports and ensure they remain confidential.
Other duties may be assigned by the management on time to time.  

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
2Desired Profile
Qualification
Commerce Graduate, MBA.
Experience & Skills
- 3-5 years in ERP – MDM, preferably in Oracle Fusion
- Exposure in financial management, accounting, or auditing within an NBFC or financial institution.
- Strong knowledge of financial systems, regulations, and reporting standards.
Profile

