Classification | INTERNALClassification | INTERNAL
  Job Description
111-Nov-2024
POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationHead-  Branch,  Operations  and  
Customer Service audit.DepartmentInternal Audit
Sub DepartmentBranch, Operations and Customer  
Service audits.HR GradeSVP
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerChief Internal Auditor
Job Purpose
The candidate will be responsible for leading Branch, Operations and Customer Service audits across  
branch operations, central operations and customer service units. The incumbent shall be responsible for  
ensuring that all established policies, regulatory standards and risk management practices are complied  
with. The key responsibilities for the role will be to define audit objectives, plan audits and to ensure the  
execution of audits as per schedule. The candidate needs to be a subject matter expert in Risk  
assessment, Internal controls and frameworks, audit Process and relevant regulatory frameworks and  
compliance. The candidate’s primary focus is to assess and improve controls and to prevent any  
regulatory non-compliance or losses to the organization from external/internal risks and threats.  
The candidate must have the following:
Ability to adjust audit approaches based on changing risk landscapes and priorities.  
Ability to multi-task and work on multiple projects/audits.
The ability to detect non-adherence to internal and regulatory policies/procedures.  
Expertise in risk identification, control design evaluation as well as control effectiveness.
Collaboration and stakeholder management.
Experience in conflict resolution . 
Experience in dealing with difficult auditees and resolving disagreements. 
Experience in building, grooming and leading teams of subject matter experts.
A good understanding of Operations, KYC/AML compliance in financial institutions, Customer Service  
Quality and regulatory standards is desired.
Branch Audits
Branch audit: Oversee the branch audit cycle, which includes audit of risk management, control  
design  and  control  effectiveness,  reliability  and  compliance  with  all  applicable  directives  and  
regulations.
Risk Assessment : Prepare risk assessments to identify risk ratings for branches.  
Audit Planning: Develop a risk-based audit plan for PAN India branches and roll-out an annual audit  
plan.
Methodology: Build an effective and efficient branch audit methodology.

Classification | INTERNALClassification | INTERNAL
  Job Description
2Audit scope: Determine the scope of planned branch audits based on the category and specific  
activities at the branch.
Monitoring: Ensure that branch visits follow the approved plan and run as per agreed methodology.
Supervisory assistance : Ensure that auditors in the field are provided with adequate support such  
that all data requirements, registers, reports and evidence items are received. Auditees are engaged  
in discussions to explain audit findings and the significance. Effectively communicate with the auditees  
to overcome resistance.
Reporting: Review and refine branch audit reports, ensure that reports are released on schedule and  
observations presented in the report are tracked for action, until they are closed. Present audit reports  
to senior management and stakeholders along with recommendations for improvement.
Team Leadership : Lead and mentor a team of branch auditors, guiding and supporting them to meet  
audit objectives.
Continuous Improvement : Identify opportunities for process improvements and work with relevant  
departments to implement changes.
Concurrent Audits
Concurrent  audit:  Oversee  the  concurrent  audit  activity,  including  methodology,  sampling,  
compliance with regulatory standards/directives, findings as well as quick remediation.  
Methodology: Assist  and  contribute  to  building  an  effective  and  efficient  concurrent  audit  
methodology.
Scope & Monitoring:  Decide on scope for concurrent auditors jointly with Chief of Internal audit and  
senior stakeholders. Ensure that mandates provided to the concurrent auditors are executed on a  
timely basis and as agreed.
Regulatory  Compliance:  Ensure  identification  of  non-compliances  are  highlighted  to  relevant  
stakeholders for immediate corrective action/remediation and tracked till closure.
Continuous Improvement and remediation:  Ensure that the methodology is continuously improved  
and aligned with changes in regulatory guidelines/standards.
Administrative requirements : Ensure that the administrative support is provided to the concurrent  
auditors including support for required data, timely resolution of observations and timely clearance of  
bills/dues.
Operations Audits
Operations audit:  Oversee the Operations audit cycle, which includes audit of risk management  
practices, control design and control effectiveness, and compliance with all applicable directives and  
regulations.
Risk Assessment : Prepare risk assessments to identify risk ratings for Operations processes.  
Audit Planning: Develop a risk-based audit plan for Operations processes and roll-out an annual  
audit plan.
Methodology: Build an effective and efficient Operational process audit methodology.
Audit scope: Determine the scope of planned Operations audits based on the risk category.
Monitoring: Ensure that Operations audits follow the approved plan and run as per the agreed  
methodology.
Supervisory assistance : Ensure that auditors are provided with adequate support such that all data  
requirements, registers, reports and evidence items are received. Also ensure that Auditees are  
engaged in discussions to explain audit findings and the significance/impact. Effectively communicate  
with the auditees to overcome resistance.
Reporting: Review and refine audit reports, ensure that reports are released on schedule and  

Classification | INTERNALClassification | INTERNAL
  Job Description
3observations presented in the report are tracked for action, until closed. Present audit reports to senior  
management and stakeholders along with recommendations for improvement.
Team Leadership : Lead and mentor a team of branch auditors, guiding and supporting them to meet  
audit objectives.
Continuous Improvement : Identify opportunities for process improvements and work with relevant  
departments to implement changes.
Customer Service Audits
Customer  Service  audit:  Oversee  the  Customer  service  audit  cycle,  which  includes  audit  of  
Customer service practices, risks identification, control design and control effectiveness, reliability,  
and compliance with all applicable directives and regulations.
Risk Assessment : Prepare risk assessments to identify risk ratings for Customer service processes.  
Audit Planning: Develop a risk-based audit plan for Customer service processes and roll-out an  
annual audit plan.
Methodology: Build an effective and efficient Customer Service process audit methodology.
Audit scope: Determine the scope of planned Customer Service audits based on the risk category.
Monitoring: Ensure that Customer Service audits follow the approved plan and run as per the agreed  
methodology.
Supervisory assistance : Ensure that auditors are provided with adequate support such that all data  
requirements, registers, reports and evidence items are received. Also ensure that Auditees are  
engaged in discussions to explain audit findings and the significance/impact. Effectively communicate  
with the auditees to overcome resistance.
Reporting: Review and refine audit reports, ensure that reports are released on schedule and  
observations presented in the report are tracked for action, until closed. Present audit reports to senior  
management and stakeholders along with recommendations for improvement.
Team Leadership : Lead and mentor a team of auditors, guiding and supporting them to meet audit  
objectives.
Continuous Improvement : Identify opportunities for process improvements and work with relevant  
departments to implement changes.
Tasks as allocated by line managers for specific projects/IAD priority activities .
Desired Profile 
Education: Bachelor’s degree in accounting, Finance, Business Administration, or a related field.  
Preferred CA, CPA, CIA or equivalent certification .
Experience: Minimum of 10 years of experience in Compliance, Risk or Internal audit within the  
financial services industry.
Experience in the NBFC or financial services sector.
Knowledge of regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Knowledge of MS Office is required, including MS Excel and MS PowerPoint.
Excellent communication skills.
Experience in leading teams of specialists/subject matter experts.

