Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationApplication Owner/Manager DepartmentInformation Technology
Sub Department Information Technology HR Grade
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
Manager
Job Purpose
The Head-Applications is responsible for overseeing the development, implementation, and maintenance of  
software applications that support the business operations. This role involves managing a team of business analyst,  
application developers, support analyst & ensuring the alignment of application development with business goals  
and driving innovation in technical solutions.
Principal Accountabilities
Develop and implement the application strategy to support business objectives.
Lead the planning and execution of application projects.
Ensure the alignment of application development with the overall IT strategy.
Manage and mentor a team of application developers and business & support analysts.
Foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement within the 
application team.
Should have Agile approach towards development & project management.
Provide leadership and guidance on application-related issues to the executive team and 
other stakeholders.
Oversee the design, development, and deployment of software applications.
Ensure application projects are delivered on time, within budget, and meet quality standards.
Manage the application lifecycle, including updates and upgrades.
Identify and implement new technologies and methodologies to improve application 
development.
Drive innovation in application solutions to enhance business processes.
Stay current with technological trends and advancements in application development.
Ensure applications meet security, compliance, and quality standards.
Develop and enforce application development best practices and standards.
Conduct regular reviews and audits of application systems.
Develop and manage the application within an approved budget.
Ensure cost-effective use of resources in IT projects.
Managing relationship with various stakeholders for IT projects execution like Legal, 
Compliance, Audit, InfoSec, Risk, Business, Operations, service providers.
Conducting DR drills & ensuring business continuity for IT applications as per regulatory 
framework. 
Ensuring compliance to regulatory guideline & internal organizational policies for IT 
Applications

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
2Desired Profile
Master’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field.
Proven experience in a leadership role in application development/management.
Strong leadership and organizational abilities.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Strategic thinking and problem-solving aptitude.
Should have managed a team size of min 20 people.
Should have knowledge of Global IT best practices & frameworks like ITIL, PMP , TOGAF, 
COBIT, DevOps, etc.
Advance knowledge of emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence, Machine 
Learning, Deep Learning, Block chain technologies, IOT, etc.  Education MCA/MBA/MTech- Computer 
Science/IT
Experience 15-20 years
Certifications ITIL, PMP , TOGAF, COBIT, DevOps, 
etc.
Team Size managed 20-50

