 
 Classification | INTERNAL  
Classification | INTERNAL  Job Function:  Sr. Team Member Expense Payable  
 
 
Department - Administration & Facilities  
Sub Department - Central Functions - Procurement & Expense Payable  
Designation / Grade - Manager to Senior Manager  
Reporting to  – Lead - Procurement & Expense Payable  
 
Profile Summary  
The Senior Team Member – Expense Payable, oversees billing operations to ensure accuracy, 
compliance, and efficiency. The role involves mentoring team members, overseeing billing 
reconciliation, and managing key stakeholder relationships to ensure smooth payment processing 
& Financial compliance.  
 
Job Description  
 
1. Oversee the billing operations, ensuring invoicing is accurate and in compliance with 
internal policies.  
2. Responsible for Monthly Provisioning, GST Compliance and No Dues Certificates  
3. Responsible for preparation of monthly lease rent scheduler  
4. Tracking Open advances till recovery and reporting  
5. Prepare and distribute regular reports on accounts payable status and expense trends  
6. Coordinate with internal stakeholders and vendors to address and resolve billing issues 
promptly.  
7. Monitor vendor performance in relation to billing accuracy and timeliness and evaluate 
vendors/ Internal Stakeholders accordingly.  
8. Support in closing POs, managing pending invoices, and ensuring compliance with the 
company code of conduct.  
9. Drive automation and system improvements to enhance billing processes.  
10. Manage special projects related to billing improvements and risk mitigation.  
 
Qualifications  and Experience:   
 
Qualifications/ Education – Bachelor’s degree in accounting, Finance, Business Administration, 
or related field.  
 

 
 Classification | INTERNAL  
Classification | INTERNAL  Experience:  minimum 6 years of experience in billing, accounting, or financial management, 
preferably within NBFCs or financial institutions . 
 
 
Knowledge and skills : 
 
➢ Expertise in MS office, billing systems, financial software, and ERP platforms.  
➢ Strong analytical and problem -solving skills with the ability to handle complex billing 
queries.  
➢ Excellent team management and leadership skills.  
➢ Thorough understanding of GST and other applicable financial regulations.  
 

