Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationLead Operations Manager-CPU DepartmentOperations
Sub Department Central Processing Unit HR GradeGeneral Manager
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerHead Operations Manager-CPU
Job Purpose
The primary purpose of this role is to lead and manage the central processing unit responsible for Compliance & 
Regulatory reporting which including Bureau reporting, NeSL Reporting, CKCY & Re-KYC, AML.
Principal Accountabilities
1.Compliance and Regulatory Adherence: Ensure that all loan servicing activities comply with regulatory 
requirements and internal policies, including KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) 
procedures, knowledge of RBI guidelines with respect to Operations compliance .
2. Knowledge of all Operations process from Post sanction to disbursement and post disbursement activities, 
should have capability to manage the volume within the process Turn Around Time (TAT).
2. Team Leadership: Lead and manage a team of regulatory reporting, providing guidance, training, and 
performance management.
3. Process Improvement: Continuously assess and enhance Regulatory management processes to improve 
efficiency, reduce errors, and minimize risks.
4. Technology Utilization: Leverage technology and automation to optimize regulatory reporting, reducing 
manual intervention.
5. Data Management: Maintain accurate records of loan account servicing, track key performance metrics, and 
generate reports for management and regulatory purposes.
Desired Profile
- 1. Educational Background: A bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Finance, or a related field. 
Additional qualifications in management or operations may be beneficial.
2. Experience: Typically, 10-15 years of experience in loan account management, operations management, or a 
related field within an NBFC or financial institution.
3. Regulatory Knowledge: In-depth understanding of financial regulations, compliance & regulatory 
requirements.
ile

