Job Description  
 
 
POSITION DETAILS  
Functional 
Designation  Channel Manager – Loan Against 
Property  Department  Sales  
Sub Department  Channel Sales  HR Grade   
Location  Mumbai  Reporting 
Manager  National Head – Channel 
Management  
Job Purpose  
The candidate will be responsible for end-to-end management  of open market channel partners (DSA)  for Loan 
Against Property . The role requires that the candidate actively engages with the DSA for increasing the business 
share of  Loan Against Property  for Poonawalla Fincorp . The candidate will be a one-point  contact for the DSA 
whether it is related to business, payouts, feedback  from the market, etc. Primary job of the candidate is to drive 
Loan Against Property  business from the DSA.  
Principal Accountabilities  
1. The candidate must  actively engage  with the DSA and their regional teams to ensure growth of Loan 
Against Property  business for Poonawalla Fincorp.  
2. Requires ensuring  that there is larger mind share of the DSA and that the regional teams are also aligned.  
3. Requires keeping  track of business with the help of MIS and analysis.  
4. Review with DSA on performance and set targets for growth in business  
5. Drive the focus products and segments for the organisation.  
6. Review with sales teams on the business performance.  
7. Ensure compliance of regulatory and organisation guidelines.  
8. Working with product and policy to enhance the product basis market feedback.  
 
Desired Profile  
• Minimum Qualification – Bachelor’s degree, Master’s preferred specifically in Management.  
• Experience – Minimum 10 plus years  of experience  in DSA management. Should be well known in the market 
and known amongst the DSA  
• Excellent knowledge of Loan Against Property  and competition products  
• Candidate should possess effective communication and presentation skills, stakeholder management  
capabilities , inclination towards automation and extensive use of analytics .  
 
Working Relationships  
 
 

