Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Position 
Title/Functional 
DesignationAVP_ Information Security Operations CompanyPoonawalla Fincorp Limited
Division / 
DepartmentRisk – Information Security
Principal Accountabilities
Experience: 
10 years+ IT security or information security experience with a proven ability to engage with Senior 
Management and regulators.  
4+ years’ experience in implementing IT security controls in an organization.  
2+ years of experience in Cloud Based Information Security Key Responsibilities at Poonawalla Fincorp, 
the person would need to work closely with the Technology and Governance teams to identify risks from  
internal and external environment and design, deploy and maintain adequate controls to reduce risks.
Cyber Risk and Cyber Intelligence -  
Keeping abreast of developing security threats, and helping the management understand potential 
security problems that might arise from business plans, applications, infrastructure, partners etc- 
Conducting a continuous assessment of current IT security practice. Running security audits and risk 
assessments and reporting on means to reduce risks and minimize threats. Protecting of Network 
security, Server security, Advanced treat Protection (ATP), SIEM (security incident event management), 
IPS/IDS, End User Security, Cloud Security products and solutions
Security Architecture -
Creating and implementing a strategy for managing risks. Planning, buying, and rolling out security 
hardware and software, ensures IT and network infrastructure is designed with best security practices 
standards.
Security Operations -
Real-time analysis of immediate threats, and triage when something goes wrong. Monitoring security 
vulnerabilities and hacking threats in network and host systems  
Working with external vendors in implementation of latest security technologies. Developing and 
implementing business continuity plans.  
Conduct IT security risk assessments and Business Impact Analysis- Program Management, Investigations  
and forensics
Governance and Risk Compliance
Establishing cyber security and business continuity programs for uplifting the cyber resilience and 
incident response for PFL in compliance to Information Security and Cybersecurity Policy, Common 
Security Standards, Technical Security Standards and CISO Directives.
• Responsible for reporting to PFL Management and IT Risk Committee the critical cyber security threats 
and vulnerabilities that PFL is exposed to, ensuring emerging cyber threats and the bank’s preparedness 
in response to these threats are reported and discussed in the PFL IT Risk Committee.
Qualification, Experience & Skills
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or Graduation in Computer Science degree
10-15 years’ experience in Privacy, Information Security, Compliance, Risk and Regulatory is mandatory 

Job Description
2for this role. Experience in BFSI / NBFC Domain will be preferred.
Any one Information security credentials CISSP, CISM, CISA, PCI DSS, ISMS Lead Auditor, Compliance, Risk  
Assessment, ISO 27001, Business Continuity Management. (or equivalent) is an advantage.
Excellent communication skills in verbal and writing. Problem solving attitude and willingness to learn
Age Criteria –  30 to 45 Years

