Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationOperations Manager DepartmentOperations
Sub DepartmentCustomer Onboarding – Central 
Operations HR GradeManager to Chief Manager
Location Corporate OfficeReporting 
ManagerLead Customer Onboarding
Job Purpose
The Operations Manager is responsible for overseeing and managing the day-to-day operations of a specific Central activities  
within the NBFC. This role involves ensuring smooth operations, team management, and compliance with all relevant  
regulations.
Principal Accountabilities
1.Supervise and manage all operational activities at the Customer onboarding.
2.Ensure loan disbursal for the relevant cases for all type of existing products
3.Ensure compliance with regulatory and company policies
4.Oversee the entire customer onboarding lifecycle, from application submission to account activation.
5.Monitor and manage loan disbursements and reconciliation of payment.
6.Identify operational risks and implement risk mitigation strategies.
7.Gather the feedback from cross function to identify areas for improvement.
8.Develop and implement streamlined processes to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of customer onboarding 
operations.
9.Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including compliance and Business.
10.Implement strategies to enhance overall performance Ops activities.
11.Set performance targets for the Team and track performance against key metrics.
12.Prepare and submit regular reports on branch operations to senior management.
13.Ensuring the Team Management- Recruit, train, and manage branch staff.
14.Provide leadership, guidance, and support to the team.
Desired Profile
- Bachelor's degree, business, or above.
- Previous experience in branch operations management within the financial services industry 5-12 years.
- Strong knowledge of NBFC regulations and compliance.
- Leadership and team management skills.
- Analytical and problem-solving abilities.
- Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

