Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Position 
Title/Functional 
DesignationRegional Branch Operations Manager CompanyPoonawalla Fincorp Ltd
Division / 
DepartmentBranch Operations Location 
Principal Accountabilities
Role and Responsibilities
1.Alignment of Operations strategy to the Business Unit strategy for achievement of budget targets for the 
current year and coming FY’s.
2.Management of Cluster of Branches and effectively monitor the performance.
3.People Management in ensuring smooth processing and also continuous improvement.
4.Close interaction with Credit /Sales/ Product/IT and other key stakeholders –for understanding business 
plans and aligning deliveries with these plans.
5.Implement process and service metrics for measurement and drive operations process and service 
improvements across all levels.
6.Managing end to end Customer Services for Branch Walk in Customers
7.Responsible for Region NPS (Net Promoter Score)
8.IT and Process related Projects
9.Be a part of new product implementations and also new business addition / discussions. Build a team and 
recruit operations and branch operations staff in line with the operating model requirements and business 
objectives.
10.To ensure effective management of and communication with all retail staff and to ensure adequate staffing  
levels throughout the business to promote BAU and handle issues.
11.Perform training for operations staff and measure and improve performance and productivity.
12.Ensuring Cash monitoring and Cash Management in Branches
Qualification, Experience & Skills
Qualifications & Education Requirements
A bachelor's degree or equivalent  
Experience
Five to Eight years of experience in Branch Operations.

Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
2Preferred Skills
Experience in setting up of operations for retail asset products/ consumer banking under Branch & 
Centralized models.
Strong analytical, process engineering, project management and problem-solving skills, including a 
thorough understanding of how to interpret business and operations processes.
Possesses strong quality drive – Ability to achieve close to 100% Accuracy and Turnaround time in 
processing transactions.
Ability to build, coach and mentor high performance-oriented teams.
Ability to work independently with across business units.
Ability to lead and influence stakeholders to a common objective to accept and manage change.
Should have experience of anchoring outsourced partners.
Metrics driven and SLA savvy.
Mindset of ‘Standardization, Digitization and Automation’ for driving efficiencies with ‘speed and agility’.
Additional Notes  
This is a Location based Job with reporting to Zonal Branch Manager. 

