Classification | INTERNAL
Classification | INTERNAL
Job Description
1POSITION DETAILS
Functional 
DesignationRegional Operations Manager DepartmentOperations
Sub Department Branch Operations HR GradeGM I or GM II
Location BranchReporting 
ManagerZonal Ops Head
Job Purpose
ROM will be playing an important role in overseeing and managing the operational activities within a specific geographical area.  
This role is essential for maintaining operational excellence, driving business growth and ensuring customer  
Principal Accountabilities
1.Handling Branch Operations for multiple locations and ensuring seamless loan disbursal process for both secured and 
unsecured lending.
2.Identify operational risks and implement risk mitigation strategies.
3.Manage disbursements, collections, and expenses.  
4.Manage teams in building a stronger relationship with our walk-in clients and customers.
5.Manage and implement initiatives to innovate and digitize our internal processes as well as intensifying collaboration 
across all units.
6.Ensuring compliance with all applicable Rules / Regulations and company policies.
7.Working closely with local HR & Admin to ensure branch functioning.
8.Lead to achieve outcomes set out in the unit/dept or at company level.
9.Ensuring the Team Management- Recruit, train, and manage branch staff.
10.Provide leadership, guidance, and support to the team.
11.Set performance targets for the Team and track performance against key metrics.
12.Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including compliance and Business.
13.Implement strategies to enhance overall performance Ops activities.
14.Monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) related to onboarding, identifying trends and implementing improvements.
Desired Profile
Graduate/Postgraduate – 10 to 20 years of relevant experience in Retail Assets Operations lending business with reputed 
Bank/NBFC.
Preference: location agnostic and should be willing to travel extensively and have local geographical know-how in 
lending space.
Adaptability to a dynamic and evolving regulatory landscape.
Proven experience in operations management, particularly in customer onboarding, within the NBFC or financial services  
sector.
Strong leadership skills with the ability to guide and motivate teams toward operational excellence.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills for effective collaboration with internal and external stakeholders.

